ï   »   ¿project   gutenberg   's   alic   's   adventur   in   wonderland   ,   by   lewi   carrol  thi   ebook   is   for   the   use   of   anyon   anywher   at   no   cost   and   with  almost   no   restrict   whatsoev   .   you   may   copi   it   ,   give   it   away   or  re-us   it   under   the   term   of   the   project   gutenberg   licens   includ  with   thi   ebook   or   onlin   at   www.gutenberg.org  titl   :   alic   's   adventur   in   wonderland  author   :   lewi   carrol  post   date   :   june   25   ,   2008   [   ebook   #   11   ]  releas   date   :   march   ,   1994  [   last   updat   :   decemb   20   ,   2011   ]  languag   :   english  alic   'S   adventur   IN   wonderland  lewi   carrol  the   millennium   fulcrum   edit   3.0  chapter   I   .   down   the   rabbit-hol  alic   wa   begin   to   get   veri   tire   of   sit   by   her   sister   on   the  bank   ,   and   of   have   noth   to   do   :   onc   or   twice   she   had   peep   into   the  book   her   sister   wa   read   ,   but   it   had   no   pictur   or   convers   in  it   ,   'and   what   is   the   use   of   a   book   ,   '   thought   alic   'without   pictur   or  convers   ?   '  So   she   wa   consid   in   her   own   mind   (   as   well   as   she   could   ,   for   the  hot   day   made   her   feel   veri   sleepi   and   stupid   )   ,   whether   the   pleasur  of   make   a   daisy-chain   would   be   worth   the   troubl   of   get   up   and  pick   the   daisi   ,   when   suddenli   a   white   rabbit   with   pink   eye   ran  close   by   her   .  there   wa   noth   so   veri   remark   in   that   ;   nor   did   alic   think   it   so  veri   much   out   of   the   way   to   hear   the   rabbit   say   to   itself   ,   'oh   dear   !  Oh   dear   !   I   shall   be   late   !   '   (   when   she   thought   it   over   afterward   ,   it  occur   to   her   that   she   ought   to   have   wonder   at   thi   ,   but   at   the   time  it   all   seem   quit   natur   )   ;   but   when   the   rabbit   actual   took   A   watch  out   OF   it   waistcoat-pocket   ,   and   look   at   it   ,   and   then   hurri   on   ,  alic   start   to   her   feet   ,   for   it   flash   across   her   mind   that   she   had  never   befor   seen   a   rabbit   with   either   a   waistcoat-pocket   ,   or   a   watch  to   take   out   of   it   ,   and   burn   with   curios   ,   she   ran   across   the   field  after   it   ,   and   fortun   wa   just   in   time   to   see   it   pop   down   a   larg  rabbit-hol   under   the   hedg   .  In   anoth   moment   down   went   alic   after   it   ,   never   onc   consid   how  in   the   world   she   wa   to   get   out   again   .  the   rabbit-hol   went   straight   on   like   a   tunnel   for   some   way   ,   and   then  dip   suddenli   down   ,   so   suddenli   that   alic   had   not   a   moment   to   think  about   stop   herself   befor   she   found   herself   fall   down   a   veri   deep  well   .  either   the   well   wa   veri   deep   ,   or   she   fell   veri   slowli   ,   for   she   had  plenti   of   time   as   she   went   down   to   look   about   her   and   to   wonder   what   wa  go   to   happen   next   .   first   ,   she   tri   to   look   down   and   make   out   what  she   wa   come   to   ,   but   it   wa   too   dark   to   see   anyth   ;   then   she  look   at   the   side   of   the   well   ,   and   notic   that   they   were   fill   with  cupboard   and   book-shelv   ;   here   and   there   she   saw   map   and   pictur  hung   upon   peg   .   she   took   down   a   jar   from   one   of   the   shelv   as  she   pass   ;   it   wa   label   'orang   marmalad   '   ,   but   to   her   great  disappoint   it   wa   empti   :   she   did   not   like   to   drop   the   jar   for   fear  of   kill   somebodi   ,   so   manag   to   put   it   into   one   of   the   cupboard   as  she   fell   past   it   .  'well   !   '   thought   alic   to   herself   ,   'after   such   a   fall   as   thi   ,   I   shall  think   noth   of   tumbl   down   stair   !   how   brave   they   'll   all   think   me   at  home   !   whi   ,   I   would   n't   say   anyth   about   it   ,   even   if   I   fell   off   the   top  of   the   hous   !   '   (   which   wa   veri   like   true   .   )  down   ,   down   ,   down   .   would   the   fall   never   come   to   an   end   !   '   I   wonder   how  mani   mile   I   've   fallen   by   thi   time   ?   '   she   said   aloud   .   '   I   must   be   get  somewher   near   the   centr   of   the   earth   .   let   me   see   :   that   would   be   four  thousand   mile   down   ,   I   think   --   '   (   for   ,   you   see   ,   alic   had   learnt   sever  thing   of   thi   sort   in   her   lesson   in   the   schoolroom   ,   and   though   thi  wa   not   a   veri   good   opportun   for   show   off   her   knowledg   ,   as   there  wa   no   one   to   listen   to   her   ,   still   it   wa   good   practic   to   say   it   over   )  '   --   ye   ,   that   's   about   the   right   distanc   --   but   then   I   wonder   what   latitud  or   longitud   I   've   got   to   ?   '   (   alic   had   no   idea   what   latitud   wa   ,   or  longitud   either   ,   but   thought   they   were   nice   grand   word   to   say   .   )  present   she   began   again   .   '   I   wonder   if   I   shall   fall   right   through   the  earth   !   how   funni   it   'll   seem   to   come   out   among   the   peopl   that   walk   with  their   head   downward   !   the   antipathi   ,   I   think   --   '   (   she   wa   rather   glad  there   wa   no   one   listen   ,   thi   time   ,   as   it   did   n't   sound   at   all   the  right   word   )   '   --   but   I   shall   have   to   ask   them   what   the   name   of   the   countri  is   ,   you   know   .   pleas   ,   ma'am   ,   is   thi   new   zealand   or   australia   ?   '   (   and  she   tri   to   curtsey   as   she   spoke   --   fanci   curtsey   as   you   're   fall  through   the   air   !   Do   you   think   you   could   manag   it   ?   )   'and   what   an  ignor   littl   girl   she   'll   think   me   for   ask   !   No   ,   it   'll   never   do   to  ask   :   perhap   I   shall   see   it   written   up   somewher   .   '  down   ,   down   ,   down   .   there   wa   noth   els   to   do   ,   so   alic   soon   began  talk   again   .   'dinah   'll   miss   me   veri   much   to-night   ,   I   should   think   !   '  (   dinah   wa   the   cat   .   )   '   I   hope   they   'll   rememb   her   saucer   of   milk   at  tea-tim   .   dinah   my   dear   !   I   wish   you   were   down   here   with   me   !   there   are   no  mice   in   the   air   ,   I   'm   afraid   ,   but   you   might   catch   a   bat   ,   and   that   's   veri  like   a   mous   ,   you   know   .   but   do   cat   eat   bat   ,   I   wonder   ?   '   and   here   alic  began   to   get   rather   sleepi   ,   and   went   on   say   to   herself   ,   in   a   dreami  sort   of   way   ,   'do   cat   eat   bat   ?   Do   cat   eat   bat   ?   '   and   sometim   ,   'do  bat   eat   cat   ?   '   for   ,   you   see   ,   as   she   could   n't   answer   either   question   ,  it   did   n't   much   matter   which   way   she   put   it   .   she   felt   that   she   wa   doze  off   ,   and   had   just   begun   to   dream   that   she   wa   walk   hand   in   hand   with  dinah   ,   and   say   to   her   veri   earnestli   ,   'now   ,   dinah   ,   tell   me   the   truth   :  did   you   ever   eat   a   bat   ?   '   when   suddenli   ,   thump   !   thump   !   down   she   came   upon  a   heap   of   stick   and   dri   leav   ,   and   the   fall   wa   over   .  alic   wa   not   a   bit   hurt   ,   and   she   jump   up   on   to   her   feet   in   a   moment   :  she   look   up   ,   but   it   wa   all   dark   overhead   ;   befor   her   wa   anoth  long   passag   ,   and   the   white   rabbit   wa   still   in   sight   ,   hurri   down   it   .  there   wa   not   a   moment   to   be   lost   :   away   went   alic   like   the   wind   ,   and  wa   just   in   time   to   hear   it   say   ,   as   it   turn   a   corner   ,   'oh   my   ear  and   whisker   ,   how   late   it   's   get   !   '   she   wa   close   behind   it   when   she  turn   the   corner   ,   but   the   rabbit   wa   no   longer   to   be   seen   :   she   found  herself   in   a   long   ,   low   hall   ,   which   wa   lit   up   by   a   row   of   lamp   hang  from   the   roof   .  there   were   door   all   round   the   hall   ,   but   they   were   all   lock   ;   and   when  alic   had   been   all   the   way   down   one   side   and   up   the   other   ,   tri   everi  door   ,   she   walk   sadli   down   the   middl   ,   wonder   how   she   wa   ever   to  get   out   again   .  suddenli   she   came   upon   a   littl   three-leg   tabl   ,   all   made   of   solid  glass   ;   there   wa   noth   on   it   except   a   tini   golden   key   ,   and   alic   's  first   thought   wa   that   it   might   belong   to   one   of   the   door   of   the   hall   ;  but   ,   ala   !   either   the   lock   were   too   larg   ,   or   the   key   wa   too   small   ,  but   at   ani   rate   it   would   not   open   ani   of   them   .   howev   ,   on   the   second  time   round   ,   she   came   upon   a   low   curtain   she   had   not   notic   befor   ,   and  behind   it   wa   a   littl   door   about   fifteen   inch   high   :   she   tri   the  littl   golden   key   in   the   lock   ,   and   to   her   great   delight   it   fit   !  alic   open   the   door   and   found   that   it   led   into   a   small   passag   ,   not  much   larger   than   a   rat-hol   :   she   knelt   down   and   look   along   the   passag  into   the   loveliest   garden   you   ever   saw   .   how   she   long   to   get   out   of  that   dark   hall   ,   and   wander   about   among   those   bed   of   bright   flower   and  those   cool   fountain   ,   but   she   could   not   even   get   her   head   through   the  doorway   ;   'and   even   if   my   head   would   go   through   ,   '   thought   poor   alic   ,   'it  would   be   of   veri   littl   use   without   my   shoulder   .   Oh   ,   how   I   wish   I   could  shut   up   like   a   telescop   !   I   think   I   could   ,   if   I   onli   knew   how   to   begin   .   '  for   ,   you   see   ,   so   mani   out-of-the-way   thing   had   happen   late   ,  that   alic   had   begun   to   think   that   veri   few   thing   inde   were   realli  imposs   .  there   seem   to   be   no   use   in   wait   by   the   littl   door   ,   so   she   went  back   to   the   tabl   ,   half   hope   she   might   find   anoth   key   on   it   ,   or   at  ani   rate   a   book   of   rule   for   shut   peopl   up   like   telescop   :   thi  time   she   found   a   littl   bottl   on   it   ,   (   'which   certainli   wa   not   here  befor   ,   '   said   alic   ,   )   and   round   the   neck   of   the   bottl   wa   a   paper  label   ,   with   the   word   'drink   ME   '   beauti   print   on   it   in   larg  letter   .  It   wa   all   veri   well   to   say   'drink   me   ,   '   but   the   wise   littl   alic   wa  not   go   to   do   that   in   a   hurri   .   'no   ,   I   'll   look   first   ,   '   she   said   ,   'and  see   whether   it   's   mark   ``   poison   ''   or   not   '   ;   for   she   had   read   sever   nice  littl   histori   about   children   who   had   got   burnt   ,   and   eaten   up   by   wild  beast   and   other   unpleas   thing   ,   all   becaus   they   would   not   rememb  the   simpl   rule   their   friend   had   taught   them   :   such   as   ,   that   a   red-hot  poker   will   burn   you   if   you   hold   it   too   long   ;   and   that   if   you   cut   your  finger   veri   deepli   with   a   knife   ,   it   usual   bleed   ;   and   she   had   never  forgotten   that   ,   if   you   drink   much   from   a   bottl   mark   'poison   ,   '   it   is  almost   certain   to   disagre   with   you   ,   sooner   or   later   .  howev   ,   thi   bottl   wa   not   mark   'poison   ,   '   so   alic   ventur   to   tast  it   ,   and   find   it   veri   nice   ,   (   it   had   ,   in   fact   ,   a   sort   of   mix   flavour  of   cherry-tart   ,   custard   ,   pine-appl   ,   roast   turkey   ,   toffe   ,   and   hot  butter   toast   ,   )   she   veri   soon   finish   it   off   .  *   *   *   *   *   *   *  *   *   *   *   *   *  *   *   *   *   *   *   *  'what   a   curiou   feel   !   '   said   alic   ;   '   I   must   be   shut   up   like   a  telescop   .   '  and   so   it   wa   inde   :   she   wa   now   onli   ten   inch   high   ,   and   her   face  brighten   up   at   the   thought   that   she   wa   now   the   right   size   for   go  through   the   littl   door   into   that   love   garden   .   first   ,   howev   ,   she  wait   for   a   few   minut   to   see   if   she   wa   go   to   shrink   ani   further   :  she   felt   a   littl   nervou   about   thi   ;   'for   it   might   end   ,   you   know   ,   '   said  alic   to   herself   ,   'in   my   go   out   altogeth   ,   like   a   candl   .   I   wonder  what   I   should   be   like   then   ?   '   and   she   tri   to   fanci   what   the   flame   of   a  candl   is   like   after   the   candl   is   blown   out   ,   for   she   could   not   rememb  ever   have   seen   such   a   thing   .  after   a   while   ,   find   that   noth   more   happen   ,   she   decid   on   go  into   the   garden   at   onc   ;   but   ,   ala   for   poor   alic   !   when   she   got   to   the  door   ,   she   found   she   had   forgotten   the   littl   golden   key   ,   and   when   she  went   back   to   the   tabl   for   it   ,   she   found   she   could   not   possibl   reach  it   :   she   could   see   it   quit   plainli   through   the   glass   ,   and   she   tri   her  best   to   climb   up   one   of   the   leg   of   the   tabl   ,   but   it   wa   too   slipperi   ;  and   when   she   had   tire   herself   out   with   tri   ,   the   poor   littl   thing  sat   down   and   cri   .  'come   ,   there   's   no   use   in   cri   like   that   !   '   said   alic   to   herself   ,  rather   sharpli   ;   '   I   advis   you   to   leav   off   thi   minut   !   '   she   gener  gave   herself   veri   good   advic   ,   (   though   she   veri   seldom   follow   it   )   ,  and   sometim   she   scold   herself   so   sever   as   to   bring   tear   into  her   eye   ;   and   onc   she   rememb   tri   to   box   her   own   ear   for   have  cheat   herself   in   a   game   of   croquet   she   wa   play   against   herself   ,  for   thi   curiou   child   wa   veri   fond   of   pretend   to   be   two   peopl   .  'but   it   's   no   use   now   ,   '   thought   poor   alic   ,   'to   pretend   to   be   two   peopl   !  whi   ,   there   's   hardli   enough   of   me   left   to   make   one   respect   person   !   '  soon   her   eye   fell   on   a   littl   glass   box   that   wa   lie   under   the   tabl   :  she   open   it   ,   and   found   in   it   a   veri   small   cake   ,   on   which   the   word  'eat   ME   '   were   beauti   mark   in   currant   .   'well   ,   I   'll   eat   it   ,   '   said  alic   ,   'and   if   it   make   me   grow   larger   ,   I   can   reach   the   key   ;   and   if   it  make   me   grow   smaller   ,   I   can   creep   under   the   door   ;   so   either   way   I   'll  get   into   the   garden   ,   and   I   do   n't   care   which   happen   !   '  she   ate   a   littl   bit   ,   and   said   anxious   to   herself   ,   'which   way   ?   which  way   ?   '   ,   hold   her   hand   on   the   top   of   her   head   to   feel   which   way   it   wa  grow   ,   and   she   wa   quit   surpris   to   find   that   she   remain   the   same  size   :   to   be   sure   ,   thi   gener   happen   when   one   eat   cake   ,   but   alic  had   got   so   much   into   the   way   of   expect   noth   but   out-of-the-way  thing   to   happen   ,   that   it   seem   quit   dull   and   stupid   for   life   to   go   on  in   the   common   way   .  So   she   set   to   work   ,   and   veri   soon   finish   off   the   cake   .  *   *   *   *   *   *   *  *   *   *   *   *   *  *   *   *   *   *   *   *  chapter   II   .   the   pool   of   tear  'curious   and   curious   !   '   cri   alic   (   she   wa   so   much   surpris   ,   that  for   the   moment   she   quit   forgot   how   to   speak   good   english   )   ;   'now   I   'm  open   out   like   the   largest   telescop   that   ever   wa   !   good-by   ,   feet   !   '  (   for   when   she   look   down   at   her   feet   ,   they   seem   to   be   almost   out   of  sight   ,   they   were   get   so   far   off   )   .   'oh   ,   my   poor   littl   feet   ,   I   wonder  who   will   put   on   your   shoe   and   stock   for   you   now   ,   dear   ?   I   'm   sure  _i_   sha   n't   be   abl   !   I   shall   be   a   great   deal   too   far   off   to   troubl  myself   about   you   :   you   must   manag   the   best   way   you   can   ;   --   but   I   must   be  kind   to   them   ,   '   thought   alic   ,   'or   perhap   they   wo   n't   walk   the   way   I   want  to   go   !   let   me   see   :   I   'll   give   them   a   new   pair   of   boot   everi   christma   .   '  and   she   went   on   plan   to   herself   how   she   would   manag   it   .   'they   must  go   by   the   carrier   ,   '   she   thought   ;   'and   how   funni   it   'll   seem   ,   send  present   to   one   's   own   feet   !   and   how   odd   the   direct   will   look   !  alic   'S   right   foot   ,   esq   .  hearthrug   ,  near   the   fender   ,  (   with   alic   'S   love   )   .  Oh   dear   ,   what   nonsens   I   'm   talk   !   '  just   then   her   head   struck   against   the   roof   of   the   hall   :   in   fact   she   wa  now   more   than   nine   feet   high   ,   and   she   at   onc   took   up   the   littl   golden  key   and   hurri   off   to   the   garden   door   .  poor   alic   !   It   wa   as   much   as   she   could   do   ,   lie   down   on   one   side   ,   to  look   through   into   the   garden   with   one   eye   ;   but   to   get   through   wa   more  hopeless   than   ever   :   she   sat   down   and   began   to   cri   again   .  'you   ought   to   be   asham   of   yourself   ,   '   said   alic   ,   '   a   great   girl   like  you   ,   '   (   she   might   well   say   thi   )   ,   'to   go   on   cri   in   thi   way   !   stop   thi  moment   ,   I   tell   you   !   '   but   she   went   on   all   the   same   ,   shed   gallon   of  tear   ,   until   there   wa   a   larg   pool   all   round   her   ,   about   four   inch  deep   and   reach   half   down   the   hall   .  after   a   time   she   heard   a   littl   patter   of   feet   in   the   distanc   ,   and  she   hastili   dri   her   eye   to   see   what   wa   come   .   It   wa   the   white  rabbit   return   ,   splendidli   dress   ,   with   a   pair   of   white   kid   glove   in  one   hand   and   a   larg   fan   in   the   other   :   he   came   trot   along   in   a   great  hurri   ,   mutter   to   himself   as   he   came   ,   'oh   !   the   duchess   ,   the   duchess   !  Oh   !   wo   n't   she   be   savag   if   I   've   kept   her   wait   !   '   alic   felt   so  desper   that   she   wa   readi   to   ask   help   of   ani   one   ;   so   ,   when   the   rabbit  came   near   her   ,   she   began   ,   in   a   low   ,   timid   voic   ,   'if   you   pleas   ,   sir   --   '  the   rabbit   start   violent   ,   drop   the   white   kid   glove   and   the   fan   ,  and   skurri   away   into   the   dark   as   hard   as   he   could   go   .  alic   took   up   the   fan   and   glove   ,   and   ,   as   the   hall   wa   veri   hot   ,   she  kept   fan   herself   all   the   time   she   went   on   talk   :   'dear   ,   dear   !   how  queer   everyth   is   to-day   !   and   yesterday   thing   went   on   just   as   usual   .  I   wonder   if   I   've   been   chang   in   the   night   ?   let   me   think   :   wa   I   the  same   when   I   got   up   thi   morn   ?   I   almost   think   I   can   rememb   feel   a  littl   differ   .   but   if   I   'm   not   the   same   ,   the   next   question   is   ,   who  in   the   world   am   I   ?   Ah   ,   that   'S   the   great   puzzl   !   '   and   she   began   think  over   all   the   children   she   knew   that   were   of   the   same   age   as   herself   ,   to  see   if   she   could   have   been   chang   for   ani   of   them   .  '   I   'm   sure   I   'm   not   ada   ,   '   she   said   ,   'for   her   hair   goe   in   such   long  ringlet   ,   and   mine   doe   n't   go   in   ringlet   at   all   ;   and   I   'm   sure   I   ca   n't  be   mabel   ,   for   I   know   all   sort   of   thing   ,   and   she   ,   oh   !   she   know   such   a  veri   littl   !   besid   ,   she   'S   she   ,   and   I   'm   I   ,   and   --   oh   dear   ,   how   puzzl  it   all   is   !   I   'll   tri   if   I   know   all   the   thing   I   use   to   know   .   let   me  see   :   four   time   five   is   twelv   ,   and   four   time   six   is   thirteen   ,   and  four   time   seven   is   --   oh   dear   !   I   shall   never   get   to   twenti   at   that   rate   !  howev   ,   the   multipl   tabl   doe   n't   signifi   :   let   's   tri   geographi   .  london   is   the   capit   of   pari   ,   and   pari   is   the   capit   of   rome   ,   and  rome   --   no   ,   that   'S   all   wrong   ,   I   'm   certain   !   I   must   have   been   chang   for  mabel   !   I   'll   tri   and   say   ``   how   doth   the   littl   --   ''   '   and   she   cross   her  hand   on   her   lap   as   if   she   were   say   lesson   ,   and   began   to   repeat   it   ,  but   her   voic   sound   hoars   and   strang   ,   and   the   word   did   not   come   the  same   as   they   use   to   do   :   --  'how   doth   the   littl   crocodil  improv   hi   shine   tail   ,  and   pour   the   water   of   the   nile  On   everi   golden   scale   !  'how   cheer   he   seem   to   grin   ,  how   neatli   spread   hi   claw   ,  and   welcom   littl   fish   in  with   gentli   smile   jaw   !   '  '   I   'm   sure   those   are   not   the   right   word   ,   '   said   poor   alic   ,   and   her   eye  fill   with   tear   again   as   she   went   on   ,   '   I   must   be   mabel   after   all   ,   and  I   shall   have   to   go   and   live   in   that   poki   littl   hous   ,   and   have   next   to  no   toy   to   play   with   ,   and   oh   !   ever   so   mani   lesson   to   learn   !   No   ,   I   've  made   up   my   mind   about   it   ;   if   I   'm   mabel   ,   I   'll   stay   down   here   !   It   'll   be   no  use   their   put   their   head   down   and   say   ``   come   up   again   ,   dear   !   ''   I  shall   onli   look   up   and   say   ``   who   am   I   then   ?   tell   me   that   first   ,   and   then   ,  if   I   like   be   that   person   ,   I   'll   come   up   :   if   not   ,   I   'll   stay   down   here  till   I   'm   somebodi   els   ''   --   but   ,   oh   dear   !   '   cri   alic   ,   with   a   sudden   burst  of   tear   ,   '   I   do   wish   they   would   put   their   head   down   !   I   am   so   veri   tire  of   be   all   alon   here   !   '  As   she   said   thi   she   look   down   at   her   hand   ,   and   wa   surpris   to   see  that   she   had   put   on   one   of   the   rabbit   's   littl   white   kid   glove   while  she   wa   talk   .   'how   can   I   have   done   that   ?   '   she   thought   .   '   I   must  be   grow   small   again   .   '   she   got   up   and   went   to   the   tabl   to   measur  herself   by   it   ,   and   found   that   ,   as   nearli   as   she   could   guess   ,   she   wa   now  about   two   feet   high   ,   and   wa   go   on   shrink   rapidli   :   she   soon   found  out   that   the   caus   of   thi   wa   the   fan   she   wa   hold   ,   and   she   drop  it   hastili   ,   just   in   time   to   avoid   shrink   away   altogeth   .  'that   wa   a   narrow   escap   !   '   said   alic   ,   a   good   deal   frighten   at   the  sudden   chang   ,   but   veri   glad   to   find   herself   still   in   exist   ;   'and  now   for   the   garden   !   '   and   she   ran   with   all   speed   back   to   the   littl   door   :  but   ,   ala   !   the   littl   door   wa   shut   again   ,   and   the   littl   golden   key   wa  lie   on   the   glass   tabl   as   befor   ,   'and   thing   are   wors   than   ever   ,   '  thought   the   poor   child   ,   'for   I   never   wa   so   small   as   thi   befor   ,   never   !  and   I   declar   it   's   too   bad   ,   that   it   is   !   '  As   she   said   these   word   her   foot   slip   ,   and   in   anoth   moment   ,   splash   !  she   wa   up   to   her   chin   in   salt   water   .   her   first   idea   wa   that   she  had   somehow   fallen   into   the   sea   ,   'and   in   that   case   I   can   go   back   by  railway   ,   '   she   said   to   herself   .   (   alic   had   been   to   the   seasid   onc   in  her   life   ,   and   had   come   to   the   gener   conclus   ,   that   wherev   you   go  to   on   the   english   coast   you   find   a   number   of   bath   machin   in   the  sea   ,   some   children   dig   in   the   sand   with   wooden   spade   ,   then   a   row  of   lodg   hous   ,   and   behind   them   a   railway   station   .   )   howev   ,   she   soon  made   out   that   she   wa   in   the   pool   of   tear   which   she   had   wept   when   she  wa   nine   feet   high   .  '   I   wish   I   had   n't   cri   so   much   !   '   said   alic   ,   as   she   swam   about   ,   tri  to   find   her   way   out   .   '   I   shall   be   punish   for   it   now   ,   I   suppos   ,   by  be   drown   in   my   own   tear   !   that   will   be   a   queer   thing   ,   to   be   sure   !  howev   ,   everyth   is   queer   to-day   .   '  just   then   she   heard   someth   splash   about   in   the   pool   a   littl   way  off   ,   and   she   swam   nearer   to   make   out   what   it   wa   :   at   first   she   thought  it   must   be   a   walru   or   hippopotamu   ,   but   then   she   rememb   how   small  she   wa   now   ,   and   she   soon   made   out   that   it   wa   onli   a   mous   that   had  slip   in   like   herself   .  'would   it   be   of   ani   use   ,   now   ,   '   thought   alic   ,   'to   speak   to   thi   mous   ?  everyth   is   so   out-of-the-way   down   here   ,   that   I   should   think   veri  like   it   can   talk   :   at   ani   rate   ,   there   's   no   harm   in   tri   .   '   So   she  began   :   '   O   mous   ,   do   you   know   the   way   out   of   thi   pool   ?   I   am   veri   tire  of   swim   about   here   ,   O   mous   !   '   (   alic   thought   thi   must   be   the   right  way   of   speak   to   a   mous   :   she   had   never   done   such   a   thing   befor   ,   but  she   rememb   have   seen   in   her   brother   's   latin   grammar   ,   '   A   mous   --   of  a   mous   --   to   a   mous   --   a   mous   --   O   mous   !   '   )   the   mous   look   at   her   rather  inquisit   ,   and   seem   to   her   to   wink   with   one   of   it   littl   eye   ,  but   it   said   noth   .  'perhap   it   doe   n't   understand   english   ,   '   thought   alic   ;   '   I   daresay   it   's  a   french   mous   ,   come   over   with   william   the   conqueror   .   '   (   for   ,   with   all  her   knowledg   of   histori   ,   alic   had   no   veri   clear   notion   how   long   ago  anyth   had   happen   .   )   So   she   began   again   :   'ou   est   ma   chatt   ?   '   which  wa   the   first   sentenc   in   her   french   lesson-book   .   the   mous   gave   a  sudden   leap   out   of   the   water   ,   and   seem   to   quiver   all   over   with   fright   .  'oh   ,   I   beg   your   pardon   !   '   cri   alic   hastili   ,   afraid   that   she   had   hurt  the   poor   anim   's   feel   .   '   I   quit   forgot   you   did   n't   like   cat   .   '  'not   like   cat   !   '   cri   the   mous   ,   in   a   shrill   ,   passion   voic   .   'would  you   like   cat   if   you   were   me   ?   '  'well   ,   perhap   not   ,   '   said   alic   in   a   sooth   tone   :   'do   n't   be   angri  about   it   .   and   yet   I   wish   I   could   show   you   our   cat   dinah   :   I   think   you   'd  take   a   fanci   to   cat   if   you   could   onli   see   her   .   she   is   such   a   dear   quiet  thing   ,   '   alic   went   on   ,   half   to   herself   ,   as   she   swam   lazili   about   in   the  pool   ,   'and   she   sit   pur   so   nice   by   the   fire   ,   lick   her   paw   and  wash   her   face   --   and   she   is   such   a   nice   soft   thing   to   nurs   --   and   she   's  such   a   capit   one   for   catch   mice   --   oh   ,   I   beg   your   pardon   !   '   cri  alic   again   ,   for   thi   time   the   mous   wa   bristl   all   over   ,   and   she  felt   certain   it   must   be   realli   offend   .   'we   wo   n't   talk   about   her   ani  more   if   you   'd   rather   not   .   '  'we   inde   !   '   cri   the   mous   ,   who   wa   trembl   down   to   the   end   of   hi  tail   .   'a   if   I   would   talk   on   such   a   subject   !   our   famili   alway   hate  cat   :   nasti   ,   low   ,   vulgar   thing   !   Do   n't   let   me   hear   the   name   again   !   '  '   I   wo   n't   inde   !   '   said   alic   ,   in   a   great   hurri   to   chang   the   subject   of  convers   .   'are   you   --   are   you   fond   --   of   --   of   dog   ?   '   the   mous   did   not  answer   ,   so   alic   went   on   eagerli   :   'there   is   such   a   nice   littl   dog   near  our   hous   I   should   like   to   show   you   !   A   littl   bright-ey   terrier   ,   you  know   ,   with   oh   ,   such   long   curli   brown   hair   !   and   it   'll   fetch   thing   when  you   throw   them   ,   and   it   'll   sit   up   and   beg   for   it   dinner   ,   and   all   sort  of   thing   --   I   ca   n't   rememb   half   of   them   --   and   it   belong   to   a   farmer   ,  you   know   ,   and   he   say   it   's   so   use   ,   it   's   worth   a   hundr   pound   !   He  say   it   kill   all   the   rat   and   --   oh   dear   !   '   cri   alic   in   a   sorrow  tone   ,   '   I   'm   afraid   I   've   offend   it   again   !   '   for   the   mous   wa   swim  away   from   her   as   hard   as   it   could   go   ,   and   make   quit   a   commot   in  the   pool   as   it   went   .  So   she   call   softli   after   it   ,   'mous   dear   !   Do   come   back   again   ,   and   we  wo   n't   talk   about   cat   or   dog   either   ,   if   you   do   n't   like   them   !   '   when   the  mous   heard   thi   ,   it   turn   round   and   swam   slowli   back   to   her   :   it  face   wa   quit   pale   (   with   passion   ,   alic   thought   )   ,   and   it   said   in   a   low  trembl   voic   ,   'let   us   get   to   the   shore   ,   and   then   I   'll   tell   you   my  histori   ,   and   you   'll   understand   whi   it   is   I   hate   cat   and   dog   .   '  It   wa   high   time   to   go   ,   for   the   pool   wa   get   quit   crowd   with   the  bird   and   anim   that   had   fallen   into   it   :   there   were   a   duck   and   a   dodo   ,  a   lori   and   an   eaglet   ,   and   sever   other   curiou   creatur   .   alic   led   the  way   ,   and   the   whole   parti   swam   to   the   shore   .  chapter   iii   .   A   caucus-rac   and   a   long   tale  they   were   inde   a   queer-look   parti   that   assembl   on   the   bank   --   the  bird   with   draggl   feather   ,   the   anim   with   their   fur   cling   close  to   them   ,   and   all   drip   wet   ,   cross   ,   and   uncomfort   .  the   first   question   of   cours   wa   ,   how   to   get   dri   again   :   they   had   a  consult   about   thi   ,   and   after   a   few   minut   it   seem   quit   natur  to   alic   to   find   herself   talk   familiarli   with   them   ,   as   if   she   had  known   them   all   her   life   .   inde   ,   she   had   quit   a   long   argument   with   the  lori   ,   who   at   last   turn   sulki   ,   and   would   onli   say   ,   '   I   am   older   than  you   ,   and   must   know   better   '   ;   and   thi   alic   would   not   allow   without  know   how   old   it   wa   ,   and   ,   as   the   lori   posit   refus   to   tell   it  age   ,   there   wa   no   more   to   be   said   .  At   last   the   mous   ,   who   seem   to   be   a   person   of   author   among   them   ,  call   out   ,   'sit   down   ,   all   of   you   ,   and   listen   to   me   !   I   'll   soon   make   you  dri   enough   !   '   they   all   sat   down   at   onc   ,   in   a   larg   ring   ,   with   the   mous  in   the   middl   .   alic   kept   her   eye   anxious   fix   on   it   ,   for   she   felt  sure   she   would   catch   a   bad   cold   if   she   did   not   get   dri   veri   soon   .  'ahem   !   '   said   the   mous   with   an   import   air   ,   'are   you   all   readi   ?   thi  is   the   driest   thing   I   know   .   silenc   all   round   ,   if   you   pleas   !   ``   william  the   conqueror   ,   whose   caus   wa   favour   by   the   pope   ,   wa   soon   submit  to   by   the   english   ,   who   want   leader   ,   and   had   been   of   late   much  accustom   to   usurp   and   conquest   .   edwin   and   morcar   ,   the   earl   of  mercia   and   northumbria   --   ''   '  'ugh   !   '   said   the   lori   ,   with   a   shiver   .  '   I   beg   your   pardon   !   '   said   the   mous   ,   frown   ,   but   veri   polit   :   'did  you   speak   ?   '  'not   I   !   '   said   the   lori   hastili   .  '   I   thought   you   did   ,   '   said   the   mous   .   '   --   I   proceed   .   ``   edwin   and   morcar   ,  the   earl   of   mercia   and   northumbria   ,   declar   for   him   :   and   even   stigand   ,  the   patriot   archbishop   of   canterburi   ,   found   it   advis   --   ''   '  'found   what   ?   '   said   the   duck   .  'found   IT   ,   '   the   mous   repli   rather   crossli   :   'of   cours   you   know   what  ``   it   ''   mean   .   '  '   I   know   what   ``   it   ''   mean   well   enough   ,   when   I   find   a   thing   ,   '   said   the  duck   :   'it   's   gener   a   frog   or   a   worm   .   the   question   is   ,   what   did   the  archbishop   find   ?   '  the   mous   did   not   notic   thi   question   ,   but   hurriedli   went   on   ,   '   ''   --   found  it   advis   to   go   with   edgar   athel   to   meet   william   and   offer   him   the  crown   .   william   's   conduct   at   first   wa   moder   .   but   the   insol   of   hi  norman   --   ''   how   are   you   get   on   now   ,   my   dear   ?   '   it   continu   ,   turn  to   alic   as   it   spoke   .  'a   wet   as   ever   ,   '   said   alic   in   a   melancholi   tone   :   'it   doe   n't   seem   to  dri   me   at   all   .   '  'in   that   case   ,   '   said   the   dodo   solemnli   ,   rise   to   it   feet   ,   '   I   move  that   the   meet   adjourn   ,   for   the   immedi   adopt   of   more   energet  remedi   --   '  'speak   english   !   '   said   the   eaglet   .   '   I   do   n't   know   the   mean   of   half  those   long   word   ,   and   ,   what   's   more   ,   I   do   n't   believ   you   do   either   !   '   and  the   eaglet   bent   down   it   head   to   hide   a   smile   :   some   of   the   other   bird  titter   audibl   .  'what   I   wa   go   to   say   ,   '   said   the   dodo   in   an   offend   tone   ,   'wa   ,   that  the   best   thing   to   get   us   dri   would   be   a   caucus-rac   .   '  'what   IS   a   caucus-rac   ?   '   said   alic   ;   not   that   she   want   much   to   know   ,  but   the   dodo   had   paus   as   if   it   thought   that   somebodi   ought   to   speak   ,  and   no   one   els   seem   inclin   to   say   anyth   .  'whi   ,   '   said   the   dodo   ,   'the   best   way   to   explain   it   is   to   do   it   .   '   (   and   ,   as  you   might   like   to   tri   the   thing   yourself   ,   some   winter   day   ,   I   will   tell  you   how   the   dodo   manag   it   .   )  first   it   mark   out   a   race-cours   ,   in   a   sort   of   circl   ,   (   'the   exact  shape   doe   n't   matter   ,   '   it   said   ,   )   and   then   all   the   parti   were   place  along   the   cours   ,   here   and   there   .   there   wa   no   'one   ,   two   ,   three   ,   and  away   ,   '   but   they   began   run   when   they   like   ,   and   left   off   when   they  like   ,   so   that   it   wa   not   easi   to   know   when   the   race   wa   over   .   howev   ,  when   they   had   been   run   half   an   hour   or   so   ,   and   were   quit   dri   again   ,  the   dodo   suddenli   call   out   'the   race   is   over   !   '   and   they   all   crowd  round   it   ,   pant   ,   and   ask   ,   'but   who   ha   won   ?   '  thi   question   the   dodo   could   not   answer   without   a   great   deal   of   thought   ,  and   it   sat   for   a   long   time   with   one   finger   press   upon   it   forehead  (   the   posit   in   which   you   usual   see   shakespear   ,   in   the   pictur  of   him   )   ,   while   the   rest   wait   in   silenc   .   At   last   the   dodo   said   ,  'everybodi   ha   won   ,   and   all   must   have   prize   .   '  'but   who   is   to   give   the   prize   ?   '   quit   a   choru   of   voic   ask   .  'whi   ,   she   ,   of   cours   ,   '   said   the   dodo   ,   point   to   alic   with   one   finger   ;  and   the   whole   parti   at   onc   crowd   round   her   ,   call   out   in   a   confus  way   ,   'prize   !   prize   !   '  alic   had   no   idea   what   to   do   ,   and   in   despair   she   put   her   hand   in   her  pocket   ,   and   pull   out   a   box   of   comfit   ,   (   luckili   the   salt   water   had  not   got   into   it   )   ,   and   hand   them   round   as   prize   .   there   wa   exactli   one  a-piec   all   round   .  'but   she   must   have   a   prize   herself   ,   you   know   ,   '   said   the   mous   .  'of   cours   ,   '   the   dodo   repli   veri   grave   .   'what   els   have   you   got   in  your   pocket   ?   '   he   went   on   ,   turn   to   alic   .  'onli   a   thimbl   ,   '   said   alic   sadli   .  'hand   it   over   here   ,   '   said   the   dodo   .  then   they   all   crowd   round   her   onc   more   ,   while   the   dodo   solemnli  present   the   thimbl   ,   say   'we   beg   your   accept   of   thi   eleg  thimbl   '   ;   and   ,   when   it   had   finish   thi   short   speech   ,   they   all   cheer   .  alic   thought   the   whole   thing   veri   absurd   ,   but   they   all   look   so   grave  that   she   did   not   dare   to   laugh   ;   and   ,   as   she   could   not   think   of   anyth  to   say   ,   she   simpli   bow   ,   and   took   the   thimbl   ,   look   as   solemn   as   she  could   .  the   next   thing   wa   to   eat   the   comfit   :   thi   caus   some   nois   and  confus   ,   as   the   larg   bird   complain   that   they   could   not   tast  their   ,   and   the   small   one   choke   and   had   to   be   pat   on   the   back   .  howev   ,   it   wa   over   at   last   ,   and   they   sat   down   again   in   a   ring   ,   and  beg   the   mous   to   tell   them   someth   more   .  'you   promis   to   tell   me   your   histori   ,   you   know   ,   '   said   alic   ,   'and   whi  it   is   you   hate   --   C   and   D   ,   '   she   ad   in   a   whisper   ,   half   afraid   that   it  would   be   offend   again   .  'mine   is   a   long   and   a   sad   tale   !   '   said   the   mous   ,   turn   to   alic   ,   and  sigh   .  'it   IS   a   long   tail   ,   certainli   ,   '   said   alic   ,   look   down   with   wonder   at  the   mous   's   tail   ;   'but   whi   do   you   call   it   sad   ?   '   and   she   kept   on   puzzl  about   it   while   the   mous   wa   speak   ,   so   that   her   idea   of   the   tale   wa  someth   like   thi   :   --  'furi   said   to   a  mous   ,   that   he  met   in   the  hous   ,  ``   let   us  both   go   to  law   :   I   will  prosecut  you.   --   come   ,  I   'll   take   no  denial   ;   We  must   have   a  trial   :   for  realli   thi  morn   I   've  noth  to   do   .   ''  said   the  mous   to   the  cur   ,   ``   such  a   trial   ,  dear   sir   ,  with  no   juri  or   judg   ,  would   be  wast  our  breath   .   ''  ``   I   'll   be  judg   ,   I   'll  be   juri   ,   ''  said  cun  old   furi   :  ``   I   'll  tri   the  whole  caus   ,  and  condemn  you  to  death   .   ''   '  'you   are   not   attend   !   '   said   the   mous   to   alic   sever   .   'what   are   you  think   of   ?   '  '   I   beg   your   pardon   ,   '   said   alic   veri   humbl   :   'you   had   got   to   the   fifth  bend   ,   I   think   ?   '  '   I   had   not   !   '   cri   the   mous   ,   sharpli   and   veri   angrili   .  '   A   knot   !   '   said   alic   ,   alway   readi   to   make   herself   use   ,   and   look  anxious   about   her   .   'oh   ,   do   let   me   help   to   undo   it   !   '  '   I   shall   do   noth   of   the   sort   ,   '   said   the   mous   ,   get   up   and   walk  away   .   'you   insult   me   by   talk   such   nonsens   !   '  '   I   did   n't   mean   it   !   '   plead   poor   alic   .   'but   you   're   so   easili   offend   ,  you   know   !   '  the   mous   onli   growl   in   repli   .  'pleas   come   back   and   finish   your   stori   !   '   alic   call   after   it   ;   and   the  other   all   join   in   choru   ,   'ye   ,   pleas   do   !   '   but   the   mous   onli   shook  it   head   impati   ,   and   walk   a   littl   quicker   .  'what   a   piti   it   would   n't   stay   !   '   sigh   the   lori   ,   as   soon   as   it   wa   quit  out   of   sight   ;   and   an   old   crab   took   the   opportun   of   say   to   her  daughter   'ah   ,   my   dear   !   let   thi   be   a   lesson   to   you   never   to   lose  your   temper   !   '   'hold   your   tongu   ,   Ma   !   '   said   the   young   crab   ,   a   littl  snappishli   .   'you   're   enough   to   tri   the   patienc   of   an   oyster   !   '  '   I   wish   I   had   our   dinah   here   ,   I   know   I   do   !   '   said   alic   aloud   ,   address  nobodi   in   particular   .   'she   'd   soon   fetch   it   back   !   '  'and   who   is   dinah   ,   if   I   might   ventur   to   ask   the   question   ?   '   said   the  lori   .  alic   repli   eagerli   ,   for   she   wa   alway   readi   to   talk   about   her   pet   :  'dinah   's   our   cat   .   and   she   's   such   a   capit   one   for   catch   mice   you  ca   n't   think   !   and   oh   ,   I   wish   you   could   see   her   after   the   bird   !   whi   ,  she   'll   eat   a   littl   bird   as   soon   as   look   at   it   !   '  thi   speech   caus   a   remark   sensat   among   the   parti   .   some   of   the  bird   hurri   off   at   onc   :   one   old   magpi   began   wrap   itself   up   veri  care   ,   remark   ,   '   I   realli   must   be   get   home   ;   the   night-air  doe   n't   suit   my   throat   !   '   and   a   canari   call   out   in   a   trembl   voic   to  it   children   ,   'come   away   ,   my   dear   !   It   's   high   time   you   were   all   in   bed   !   '  On   variou   pretext   they   all   move   off   ,   and   alic   wa   soon   left   alon   .  '   I   wish   I   had   n't   mention   dinah   !   '   she   said   to   herself   in   a   melancholi  tone   .   'nobodi   seem   to   like   her   ,   down   here   ,   and   I   'm   sure   she   's   the   best  cat   in   the   world   !   Oh   ,   my   dear   dinah   !   I   wonder   if   I   shall   ever   see   you  ani   more   !   '   and   here   poor   alic   began   to   cri   again   ,   for   she   felt   veri  lone   and   low-spirit   .   In   a   littl   while   ,   howev   ,   she   again   heard  a   littl   patter   of   footstep   in   the   distanc   ,   and   she   look   up  eagerli   ,   half   hope   that   the   mous   had   chang   hi   mind   ,   and   wa   come  back   to   finish   hi   stori   .  chapter   IV   .   the   rabbit   send   in   a   littl   bill  It   wa   the   white   rabbit   ,   trot   slowli   back   again   ,   and   look  anxious   about   as   it   went   ,   as   if   it   had   lost   someth   ;   and   she   heard  it   mutter   to   itself   'the   duchess   !   the   duchess   !   Oh   my   dear   paw   !   Oh  my   fur   and   whisker   !   she   'll   get   me   execut   ,   as   sure   as   ferret   are  ferret   !   where   can   I   have   drop   them   ,   I   wonder   ?   '   alic   guess   in   a  moment   that   it   wa   look   for   the   fan   and   the   pair   of   white   kid   glove   ,  and   she   veri   good-naturedli   began   hunt   about   for   them   ,   but   they   were  nowher   to   be   seen   --   everyth   seem   to   have   chang   sinc   her   swim   in  the   pool   ,   and   the   great   hall   ,   with   the   glass   tabl   and   the   littl   door   ,  had   vanish   complet   .  veri   soon   the   rabbit   notic   alic   ,   as   she   went   hunt   about   ,   and  call   out   to   her   in   an   angri   tone   ,   'whi   ,   mari   ann   ,   what   are   you   do  out   here   ?   run   home   thi   moment   ,   and   fetch   me   a   pair   of   glove   and   a   fan   !  quick   ,   now   !   '   and   alic   wa   so   much   frighten   that   she   ran   off   at   onc  in   the   direct   it   point   to   ,   without   tri   to   explain   the   mistak   it  had   made   .  'he   took   me   for   hi   housemaid   ,   '   she   said   to   herself   as   she   ran   .   'how  surpris   he   'll   be   when   he   find   out   who   I   am   !   but   I   'd   better   take   him  hi   fan   and   glove   --   that   is   ,   if   I   can   find   them   .   '   As   she   said   thi   ,   she  came   upon   a   neat   littl   hous   ,   on   the   door   of   which   wa   a   bright   brass  plate   with   the   name   '   W   .   rabbit   '   engrav   upon   it   .   she   went   in   without  knock   ,   and   hurri   upstair   ,   in   great   fear   lest   she   should   meet   the  real   mari   ann   ,   and   be   turn   out   of   the   hous   befor   she   had   found   the  fan   and   glove   .  'how   queer   it   seem   ,   '   alic   said   to   herself   ,   'to   be   go   messag   for  a   rabbit   !   I   suppos   dinah   'll   be   send   me   on   messag   next   !   '   and   she  began   fanci   the   sort   of   thing   that   would   happen   :   '   ''   miss   alic   !   come  here   directli   ,   and   get   readi   for   your   walk   !   ''   ``   come   in   a   minut   ,  nurs   !   but   I   've   got   to   see   that   the   mous   doe   n't   get   out   .   ''   onli   I   do   n't  think   ,   '   alic   went   on   ,   'that   they   'd   let   dinah   stop   in   the   hous   if   it  began   order   peopl   about   like   that   !   '  By   thi   time   she   had   found   her   way   into   a   tidi   littl   room   with   a   tabl  in   the   window   ,   and   on   it   (   as   she   had   hope   )   a   fan   and   two   or   three   pair  of   tini   white   kid   glove   :   she   took   up   the   fan   and   a   pair   of   the   glove   ,  and   wa   just   go   to   leav   the   room   ,   when   her   eye   fell   upon   a   littl  bottl   that   stood   near   the   looking-glass   .   there   wa   no   label   thi   time  with   the   word   'drink   ME   ,   '   but   nevertheless   she   uncork   it   and   put   it  to   her   lip   .   '   I   know   someth   interest   is   sure   to   happen   ,   '   she   said  to   herself   ,   'whenev   I   eat   or   drink   anyth   ;   so   I   'll   just   see   what  thi   bottl   doe   .   I   do   hope   it   'll   make   me   grow   larg   again   ,   for   realli  I   'm   quit   tire   of   be   such   a   tini   littl   thing   !   '  It   did   so   inde   ,   and   much   sooner   than   she   had   expect   :   befor   she   had  drunk   half   the   bottl   ,   she   found   her   head   press   against   the   ceil   ,  and   had   to   stoop   to   save   her   neck   from   be   broken   .   she   hastili   put  down   the   bottl   ,   say   to   herself   'that   's   quit   enough   --   I   hope   I   sha   n't  grow   ani   more   --   As   it   is   ,   I   ca   n't   get   out   at   the   door   --   I   do   wish   I   had   n't  drunk   quit   so   much   !   '  ala   !   it   wa   too   late   to   wish   that   !   she   went   on   grow   ,   and   grow   ,  and   veri   soon   had   to   kneel   down   on   the   floor   :   in   anoth   minut   there  wa   not   even   room   for   thi   ,   and   she   tri   the   effect   of   lie   down   with  one   elbow   against   the   door   ,   and   the   other   arm   curl   round   her   head   .  still   she   went   on   grow   ,   and   ,   as   a   last   resourc   ,   she   put   one   arm   out  of   the   window   ,   and   one   foot   up   the   chimney   ,   and   said   to   herself   'now   I  can   do   no   more   ,   whatev   happen   .   what   will   becom   of   me   ?   '  luckili   for   alic   ,   the   littl   magic   bottl   had   now   had   it   full   effect   ,  and   she   grew   no   larger   :   still   it   wa   veri   uncomfort   ,   and   ,   as   there  seem   to   be   no   sort   of   chanc   of   her   ever   get   out   of   the   room  again   ,   no   wonder   she   felt   unhappi   .  'it   wa   much   pleasant   at   home   ,   '   thought   poor   alic   ,   'when   one   wa   n't  alway   grow   larger   and   smaller   ,   and   be   order   about   by   mice   and  rabbit   .   I   almost   wish   I   had   n't   gone   down   that   rabbit-hol   --   and   yet   --   and  yet   --   it   's   rather   curiou   ,   you   know   ,   thi   sort   of   life   !   I   do   wonder   what  can   have   happen   to   me   !   when   I   use   to   read   fairy-tal   ,   I   fanci   that  kind   of   thing   never   happen   ,   and   now   here   I   am   in   the   middl   of   one   !  there   ought   to   be   a   book   written   about   me   ,   that   there   ought   !   and   when   I  grow   up   ,   I   'll   write   one   --   but   I   'm   grown   up   now   ,   '   she   ad   in   a   sorrow  tone   ;   'at   least   there   's   no   room   to   grow   up   ani   more   here   .   '  'but   then   ,   '   thought   alic   ,   'shall   I   never   get   ani   older   than   I   am  now   ?   that   'll   be   a   comfort   ,   one   way   --   never   to   be   an   old   woman   --   but  then   --   alway   to   have   lesson   to   learn   !   Oh   ,   I   should   n't   like   that   !   '  'oh   ,   you   foolish   alic   !   '   she   answer   herself   .   'how   can   you   learn  lesson   in   here   ?   whi   ,   there   's   hardli   room   for   you   ,   and   no   room   at   all  for   ani   lesson-book   !   '  and   so   she   went   on   ,   take   first   one   side   and   then   the   other   ,   and   make  quit   a   convers   of   it   altogeth   ;   but   after   a   few   minut   she   heard  a   voic   outsid   ,   and   stop   to   listen   .  'mari   ann   !   mari   ann   !   '   said   the   voic   .   'fetch   me   my   glove   thi   moment   !   '  then   came   a   littl   patter   of   feet   on   the   stair   .   alic   knew   it   wa  the   rabbit   come   to   look   for   her   ,   and   she   trembl   till   she   shook   the  hous   ,   quit   forget   that   she   wa   now   about   a   thousand   time   as   larg  as   the   rabbit   ,   and   had   no   reason   to   be   afraid   of   it   .  present   the   rabbit   came   up   to   the   door   ,   and   tri   to   open   it   ;   but   ,   as  the   door   open   inward   ,   and   alic   's   elbow   wa   press   hard   against   it   ,  that   attempt   prove   a   failur   .   alic   heard   it   say   to   itself   'then   I   'll  go   round   and   get   in   at   the   window   .   '  'that   you   wo   n't   '   thought   alic   ,   and   ,   after   wait   till   she   fanci  she   heard   the   rabbit   just   under   the   window   ,   she   suddenli   spread   out   her  hand   ,   and   made   a   snatch   in   the   air   .   she   did   not   get   hold   of   anyth   ,  but   she   heard   a   littl   shriek   and   a   fall   ,   and   a   crash   of   broken   glass   ,  from   which   she   conclud   that   it   wa   just   possibl   it   had   fallen   into   a  cucumber-fram   ,   or   someth   of   the   sort   .  next   came   an   angri   voic   --   the   rabbit   's   --   'pat   !   pat   !   where   are   you   ?   '   and  then   a   voic   she   had   never   heard   befor   ,   'sure   then   I   'm   here   !   dig  for   appl   ,   yer   honour   !   '  'dig   for   appl   ,   inde   !   '   said   the   rabbit   angrili   .   'here   !   come   and  help   me   out   of   thi   !   '   (   sound   of   more   broken   glass   .   )  'now   tell   me   ,   pat   ,   what   's   that   in   the   window   ?   '  'sure   ,   it   's   an   arm   ,   yer   honour   !   '   (   He   pronounc   it   'arrum   .   '   )  'an   arm   ,   you   goos   !   who   ever   saw   one   that   size   ?   whi   ,   it   fill   the   whole  window   !   '  'sure   ,   it   doe   ,   yer   honour   :   but   it   's   an   arm   for   all   that   .   '  'well   ,   it   's   got   no   busi   there   ,   at   ani   rate   :   go   and   take   it   away   !   '  there   wa   a   long   silenc   after   thi   ,   and   alic   could   onli   hear   whisper  now   and   then   ;   such   as   ,   'sure   ,   I   do   n't   like   it   ,   yer   honour   ,   at   all   ,   at  all   !   '   'do   as   I   tell   you   ,   you   coward   !   '   and   at   last   she   spread   out   her  hand   again   ,   and   made   anoth   snatch   in   the   air   .   thi   time   there   were  two   littl   shriek   ,   and   more   sound   of   broken   glass   .   'what   a   number   of  cucumber-fram   there   must   be   !   '   thought   alic   .   '   I   wonder   what   they   'll   do  next   !   As   for   pull   me   out   of   the   window   ,   I   onli   wish   they   could   !   I   'm  sure   I   do   n't   want   to   stay   in   here   ani   longer   !   '  she   wait   for   some   time   without   hear   anyth   more   :   at   last   came   a  rumbl   of   littl   cartwheel   ,   and   the   sound   of   a   good   mani   voic  all   talk   togeth   :   she   made   out   the   word   :   'where   's   the   other  ladder   ?   --   whi   ,   I   had   n't   to   bring   but   one   ;   bill   's   got   the   other   --   bill   !  fetch   it   here   ,   lad   !   --   here   ,   put   'em   up   at   thi   corner   --   No   ,   tie   'em  togeth   first   --   they   do   n't   reach   half   high   enough   yet   --   Oh   !   they   'll  do   well   enough   ;   do   n't   be   particular   --   here   ,   bill   !   catch   hold   of   thi  rope   --   will   the   roof   bear   ?   --   mind   that   loos   slate   --   Oh   ,   it   's   come  down   !   head   below   !   '   (   a   loud   crash   )   --   'now   ,   who   did   that   ?   --   It   wa   bill   ,   I  fanci   --   who   's   to   go   down   the   chimney   ?   --   nay   ,   I   sha   n't   !   you   do   it   !   --   that   I  wo   n't   ,   then   !   --   bill   's   to   go   down   --   here   ,   bill   !   the   master   say   you   're   to  go   down   the   chimney   !   '  'oh   !   So   bill   's   got   to   come   down   the   chimney   ,   ha   he   ?   '   said   alic   to  herself   .   'shi   ,   they   seem   to   put   everyth   upon   bill   !   I   would   n't   be   in  bill   's   place   for   a   good   deal   :   thi   fireplac   is   narrow   ,   to   be   sure   ;   but  I   think   I   can   kick   a   littl   !   '  she   drew   her   foot   as   far   down   the   chimney   as   she   could   ,   and   wait  till   she   heard   a   littl   anim   (   she   could   n't   guess   of   what   sort   it   wa   )  scratch   and   scrambl   about   in   the   chimney   close   abov   her   :   then   ,  say   to   herself   'thi   is   bill   ,   '   she   gave   one   sharp   kick   ,   and   wait   to  see   what   would   happen   next   .  the   first   thing   she   heard   wa   a   gener   choru   of   'there   goe   bill   !   '  then   the   rabbit   's   voic   along   --   'catch   him   ,   you   by   the   hedg   !   '   then  silenc   ,   and   then   anoth   confus   of   voic   --   'hold   up   hi   head   --   brandi  now   --   Do   n't   choke   him   --   how   wa   it   ,   old   fellow   ?   what   happen   to   you   ?   tell  us   all   about   it   !   '  last   came   a   littl   feebl   ,   squeak   voic   ,   (   'that   's   bill   ,   '   thought  alic   ,   )   'well   ,   I   hardli   know   --   No   more   ,   thank   ye   ;   I   'm   better   now   --   but   I   'm  a   deal   too   fluster   to   tell   you   --   all   I   know   is   ,   someth   come   at   me  like   a   jack-in-the-box   ,   and   up   I   goe   like   a   sky-rocket   !   '  'so   you   did   ,   old   fellow   !   '   said   the   other   .  'we   must   burn   the   hous   down   !   '   said   the   rabbit   's   voic   ;   and   alic   call  out   as   loud   as   she   could   ,   'if   you   do   .   I   'll   set   dinah   at   you   !   '  there   wa   a   dead   silenc   instantli   ,   and   alic   thought   to   herself   ,   '   I  wonder   what   they   will   do   next   !   If   they   had   ani   sens   ,   they   'd   take   the  roof   off   .   '   after   a   minut   or   two   ,   they   began   move   about   again   ,   and  alic   heard   the   rabbit   say   ,   '   A   barrow   will   do   ,   to   begin   with   .   '  '   A   barrow   of   what   ?   '   thought   alic   ;   but   she   had   not   long   to   doubt   ,  for   the   next   moment   a   shower   of   littl   pebbl   came   rattl   in   at   the  window   ,   and   some   of   them   hit   her   in   the   face   .   '   I   'll   put   a   stop   to   thi   ,   '  she   said   to   herself   ,   and   shout   out   ,   'you   'd   better   not   do   that   again   !   '  which   produc   anoth   dead   silenc   .  alic   notic   with   some   surpris   that   the   pebbl   were   all   turn   into  littl   cake   as   they   lay   on   the   floor   ,   and   a   bright   idea   came   into   her  head   .   'if   I   eat   one   of   these   cake   ,   '   she   thought   ,   'it   's   sure   to   make  some   chang   in   my   size   ;   and   as   it   ca   n't   possibl   make   me   larger   ,   it   must  make   me   smaller   ,   I   suppos   .   '  So   she   swallow   one   of   the   cake   ,   and   wa   delight   to   find   that   she  began   shrink   directli   .   As   soon   as   she   wa   small   enough   to   get   through  the   door   ,   she   ran   out   of   the   hous   ,   and   found   quit   a   crowd   of   littl  anim   and   bird   wait   outsid   .   the   poor   littl   lizard   ,   bill   ,   wa  in   the   middl   ,   be   held   up   by   two   guinea-pig   ,   who   were   give   it  someth   out   of   a   bottl   .   they   all   made   a   rush   at   alic   the   moment   she  appear   ;   but   she   ran   off   as   hard   as   she   could   ,   and   soon   found   herself  safe   in   a   thick   wood   .  'the   first   thing   I   've   got   to   do   ,   '   said   alic   to   herself   ,   as   she   wander  about   in   the   wood   ,   'i   to   grow   to   my   right   size   again   ;   and   the   second  thing   is   to   find   my   way   into   that   love   garden   .   I   think   that   will   be  the   best   plan   .   '  It   sound   an   excel   plan   ,   no   doubt   ,   and   veri   neatli   and   simpli  arrang   ;   the   onli   difficulti   wa   ,   that   she   had   not   the   smallest   idea  how   to   set   about   it   ;   and   while   she   wa   peer   about   anxious   among  the   tree   ,   a   littl   sharp   bark   just   over   her   head   made   her   look   up   in   a  great   hurri   .  An   enorm   puppi   wa   look   down   at   her   with   larg   round   eye   ,   and  feebli   stretch   out   one   paw   ,   tri   to   touch   her   .   'poor   littl   thing   !   '  said   alic   ,   in   a   coax   tone   ,   and   she   tri   hard   to   whistl   to   it   ;   but  she   wa   terribl   frighten   all   the   time   at   the   thought   that   it   might   be  hungri   ,   in   which   case   it   would   be   veri   like   to   eat   her   up   in   spite   of  all   her   coax   .  hardli   know   what   she   did   ,   she   pick   up   a   littl   bit   of   stick   ,   and  held   it   out   to   the   puppi   ;   whereupon   the   puppi   jump   into   the   air   off  all   it   feet   at   onc   ,   with   a   yelp   of   delight   ,   and   rush   at   the   stick   ,  and   made   believ   to   worri   it   ;   then   alic   dodg   behind   a   great   thistl   ,  to   keep   herself   from   be   run   over   ;   and   the   moment   she   appear   on   the  other   side   ,   the   puppi   made   anoth   rush   at   the   stick   ,   and   tumbl   head  over   heel   in   it   hurri   to   get   hold   of   it   ;   then   alic   ,   think   it   wa  veri   like   have   a   game   of   play   with   a   cart-hors   ,   and   expect   everi  moment   to   be   trampl   under   it   feet   ,   ran   round   the   thistl   again   ;   then  the   puppi   began   a   seri   of   short   charg   at   the   stick   ,   run   a   veri  littl   way   forward   each   time   and   a   long   way   back   ,   and   bark   hoars  all   the   while   ,   till   at   last   it   sat   down   a   good   way   off   ,   pant   ,   with  it   tongu   hang   out   of   it   mouth   ,   and   it   great   eye   half   shut   .  thi   seem   to   alic   a   good   opportun   for   make   her   escap   ;   so   she  set   off   at   onc   ,   and   ran   till   she   wa   quit   tire   and   out   of   breath   ,   and  till   the   puppi   's   bark   sound   quit   faint   in   the   distanc   .  'and   yet   what   a   dear   littl   puppi   it   wa   !   '   said   alic   ,   as   she   leant  against   a   buttercup   to   rest   herself   ,   and   fan   herself   with   one   of   the  leav   :   '   I   should   have   like   teach   it   trick   veri   much   ,   if   --   if   I   'd  onli   been   the   right   size   to   do   it   !   Oh   dear   !   I   'd   nearli   forgotten   that  I   've   got   to   grow   up   again   !   let   me   see   --   how   IS   it   to   be   manag   ?   I  suppos   I   ought   to   eat   or   drink   someth   or   other   ;   but   the   great  question   is   ,   what   ?   '  the   great   question   certainli   wa   ,   what   ?   alic   look   all   round   her   at  the   flower   and   the   blade   of   grass   ,   but   she   did   not   see   anyth   that  look   like   the   right   thing   to   eat   or   drink   under   the   circumst   .  there   wa   a   larg   mushroom   grow   near   her   ,   about   the   same   height   as  herself   ;   and   when   she   had   look   under   it   ,   and   on   both   side   of   it   ,   and  behind   it   ,   it   occur   to   her   that   she   might   as   well   look   and   see   what  wa   on   the   top   of   it   .  she   stretch   herself   up   on   tipto   ,   and   peep   over   the   edg   of   the  mushroom   ,   and   her   eye   immedi   met   those   of   a   larg   caterpillar   ,  that   wa   sit   on   the   top   with   it   arm   fold   ,   quietli   smoke   a   long  hookah   ,   and   take   not   the   smallest   notic   of   her   or   of   anyth   els   .  chapter   V.   advic   from   a   caterpillar  the   caterpillar   and   alic   look   at   each   other   for   some   time   in   silenc   :  at   last   the   caterpillar   took   the   hookah   out   of   it   mouth   ,   and   address  her   in   a   languid   ,   sleepi   voic   .  'who   are   you   ?   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  thi   wa   not   an   encourag   open   for   a   convers   .   alic   repli   ,  rather   shyli   ,   '   I   --   I   hardli   know   ,   sir   ,   just   at   present   --   at   least   I   know  who   I   wa   when   I   got   up   thi   morn   ,   but   I   think   I   must   have   been  chang   sever   time   sinc   then   .   '  'what   do   you   mean   by   that   ?   '   said   the   caterpillar   sternli   .   'explain  yourself   !   '  '   I   ca   n't   explain   myself   ,   I   'm   afraid   ,   sir   '   said   alic   ,   'becaus   I   'm   not  myself   ,   you   see   .   '  '   I   do   n't   see   ,   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  '   I   'm   afraid   I   ca   n't   put   it   more   clearli   ,   '   alic   repli   veri   polit   ,  'for   I   ca   n't   understand   it   myself   to   begin   with   ;   and   be   so   mani  differ   size   in   a   day   is   veri   confus   .   '  'it   is   n't   ,   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  'well   ,   perhap   you   have   n't   found   it   so   yet   ,   '   said   alic   ;   'but   when   you  have   to   turn   into   a   chrysali   --   you   will   some   day   ,   you   know   --   and   then  after   that   into   a   butterfli   ,   I   should   think   you   'll   feel   it   a   littl  queer   ,   wo   n't   you   ?   '  'not   a   bit   ,   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  'well   ,   perhap   your   feel   may   be   differ   ,   '   said   alic   ;   'all   I   know  is   ,   it   would   feel   veri   queer   to   ME   .   '  'you   !   '   said   the   caterpillar   contemptu   .   'who   are   you   ?   '  which   brought   them   back   again   to   the   begin   of   the   convers   .  alic   felt   a   littl   irrit   at   the   caterpillar   's   make   such   veri  short   remark   ,   and   she   drew   herself   up   and   said   ,   veri   grave   ,   '   I   think   ,  you   ought   to   tell   me   who   you   are   ,   first   .   '  'whi   ?   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  here   wa   anoth   puzzl   question   ;   and   as   alic   could   not   think   of   ani  good   reason   ,   and   as   the   caterpillar   seem   to   be   in   a   veri   unpleas  state   of   mind   ,   she   turn   away   .  'come   back   !   '   the   caterpillar   call   after   her   .   '   I   've   someth   import  to   say   !   '  thi   sound   promis   ,   certainli   :   alic   turn   and   came   back   again   .  'keep   your   temper   ,   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  'i   that   all   ?   '   said   alic   ,   swallow   down   her   anger   as   well   as   she  could   .  'no   ,   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  alic   thought   she   might   as   well   wait   ,   as   she   had   noth   els   to   do   ,   and  perhap   after   all   it   might   tell   her   someth   worth   hear   .   for   some  minut   it   puf   away   without   speak   ,   but   at   last   it   unfold   it  arm   ,   took   the   hookah   out   of   it   mouth   again   ,   and   said   ,   'so   you   think  you   're   chang   ,   do   you   ?   '  '   I   'm   afraid   I   am   ,   sir   ,   '   said   alic   ;   '   I   ca   n't   rememb   thing   as   I  use   --   and   I   do   n't   keep   the   same   size   for   ten   minut   togeth   !   '  'ca   n't   rememb   what   thing   ?   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  'well   ,   I   've   tri   to   say   ``   how   doth   the   littl   busi   bee   ,   ''   but   it   all   came  differ   !   '   alic   repli   in   a   veri   melancholi   voic   .  'repeat   ,   ``   you   are   old   ,   father   william   ,   ''   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  alic   fold   her   hand   ,   and   began   :   --  'you   are   old   ,   father   william   ,   '   the   young   man   said   ,  'and   your   hair   ha   becom   veri   white   ;  and   yet   you   incessantli   stand   on   your   head   --  Do   you   think   ,   at   your   age   ,   it   is   right   ?   '  'in   my   youth   ,   '   father   william   repli   to   hi   son   ,  '   I   fear   it   might   injur   the   brain   ;  but   ,   now   that   I   'm   perfectli   sure   I   have   none   ,  whi   ,   I   do   it   again   and   again   .   '  'you   are   old   ,   '   said   the   youth   ,   'a   I   mention   befor   ,  and   have   grown   most   uncommonli   fat   ;  yet   you   turn   a   back-somersault   in   at   the   door   --  pray   ,   what   is   the   reason   of   that   ?   '  'in   my   youth   ,   '   said   the   sage   ,   as   he   shook   hi   grey   lock   ,  '   I   kept   all   my   limb   veri   suppl  By   the   use   of   thi   ointment   --   one   shill   the   box   --  allow   me   to   sell   you   a   coupl   ?   '  'you   are   old   ,   '   said   the   youth   ,   'and   your   jaw   are   too   weak  for   anyth   tougher   than   suet   ;  yet   you   finish   the   goos   ,   with   the   bone   and   the   beak   --  pray   how   did   you   manag   to   do   it   ?   '  'in   my   youth   ,   '   said   hi   father   ,   '   I   took   to   the   law   ,  and   argu   each   case   with   my   wife   ;  and   the   muscular   strength   ,   which   it   gave   to   my   jaw   ,  ha   last   the   rest   of   my   life   .   '  'you   are   old   ,   '   said   the   youth   ,   'one   would   hardli   suppos  that   your   eye   wa   as   steadi   as   ever   ;  yet   you   balanc   an   eel   on   the   end   of   your   nose   --  what   made   you   so   aw   clever   ?   '  '   I   have   answer   three   question   ,   and   that   is   enough   ,   '  said   hi   father   ;   'do   n't   give   yourself   air   !  Do   you   think   I   can   listen   all   day   to   such   stuff   ?  Be   off   ,   or   I   'll   kick   you   down   stair   !   '  'that   is   not   said   right   ,   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  'not   quit   right   ,   I   'm   afraid   ,   '   said   alic   ,   timidli   ;   'some   of   the   word  have   got   alter   .   '  'it   is   wrong   from   begin   to   end   ,   '   said   the   caterpillar   decidedli   ,   and  there   wa   silenc   for   some   minut   .  the   caterpillar   wa   the   first   to   speak   .  'what   size   do   you   want   to   be   ?   '   it   ask   .  'oh   ,   I   'm   not   particular   as   to   size   ,   '   alic   hastili   repli   ;   'onli   one  doe   n't   like   chang   so   often   ,   you   know   .   '  '   I   DO   n't   know   ,   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  alic   said   noth   :   she   had   never   been   so   much   contradict   in   her   life  befor   ,   and   she   felt   that   she   wa   lose   her   temper   .  'are   you   content   now   ?   '   said   the   caterpillar   .  'well   ,   I   should   like   to   be   a   littl   larger   ,   sir   ,   if   you   would   n't   mind   ,   '  said   alic   :   'three   inch   is   such   a   wretch   height   to   be   .   '  'it   is   a   veri   good   height   inde   !   '   said   the   caterpillar   angrili   ,   rear  itself   upright   as   it   spoke   (   it   wa   exactli   three   inch   high   )   .  'but   I   'm   not   use   to   it   !   '   plead   poor   alic   in   a   piteou   tone   .   and  she   thought   of   herself   ,   '   I   wish   the   creatur   would   n't   be   so   easili  offend   !   '  'you   'll   get   use   to   it   in   time   ,   '   said   the   caterpillar   ;   and   it   put   the  hookah   into   it   mouth   and   began   smoke   again   .  thi   time   alic   wait   patient   until   it   chose   to   speak   again   .   In  a   minut   or   two   the   caterpillar   took   the   hookah   out   of   it   mouth  and   yawn   onc   or   twice   ,   and   shook   itself   .   then   it   got   down   off   the  mushroom   ,   and   crawl   away   in   the   grass   ,   mere   remark   as   it   went   ,  'one   side   will   make   you   grow   taller   ,   and   the   other   side   will   make   you  grow   shorter   .   '  'one   side   of   what   ?   the   other   side   of   what   ?   '   thought   alic   to   herself   .  'of   the   mushroom   ,   '   said   the   caterpillar   ,   just   as   if   she   had   ask   it  aloud   ;   and   in   anoth   moment   it   wa   out   of   sight   .  alic   remain   look   thought   at   the   mushroom   for   a   minut   ,   tri  to   make   out   which   were   the   two   side   of   it   ;   and   as   it   wa   perfectli  round   ,   she   found   thi   a   veri   difficult   question   .   howev   ,   at   last   she  stretch   her   arm   round   it   as   far   as   they   would   go   ,   and   broke   off   a   bit  of   the   edg   with   each   hand   .  'and   now   which   is   which   ?   '   she   said   to   herself   ,   and   nibbl   a   littl   of  the   right-hand   bit   to   tri   the   effect   :   the   next   moment   she   felt   a   violent  blow   underneath   her   chin   :   it   had   struck   her   foot   !  she   wa   a   good   deal   frighten   by   thi   veri   sudden   chang   ,   but   she   felt  that   there   wa   no   time   to   be   lost   ,   as   she   wa   shrink   rapidli   ;   so   she  set   to   work   at   onc   to   eat   some   of   the   other   bit   .   her   chin   wa   press  so   close   against   her   foot   ,   that   there   wa   hardli   room   to   open   her  mouth   ;   but   she   did   it   at   last   ,   and   manag   to   swallow   a   morsel   of   the  lefthand   bit   .  *   *   *   *   *   *   *  *   *   *   *   *   *  *   *   *   *   *   *   *  'come   ,   my   head   's   free   at   last   !   '   said   alic   in   a   tone   of   delight   ,   which  chang   into   alarm   in   anoth   moment   ,   when   she   found   that   her   shoulder  were   nowher   to   be   found   :   all   she   could   see   ,   when   she   look   down   ,   wa  an   immens   length   of   neck   ,   which   seem   to   rise   like   a   stalk   out   of   a  sea   of   green   leav   that   lay   far   below   her   .  'what   can   all   that   green   stuff   be   ?   '   said   alic   .   'and   where   have   my  shoulder   got   to   ?   and   oh   ,   my   poor   hand   ,   how   is   it   I   ca   n't   see   you   ?   '  she   wa   move   them   about   as   she   spoke   ,   but   no   result   seem   to   follow   ,  except   a   littl   shake   among   the   distant   green   leav   .  As   there   seem   to   be   no   chanc   of   get   her   hand   up   to   her   head   ,   she  tri   to   get   her   head   down   to   them   ,   and   wa   delight   to   find   that   her  neck   would   bend   about   easili   in   ani   direct   ,   like   a   serpent   .   she   had  just   succeed   in   curv   it   down   into   a   grace   zigzag   ,   and   wa   go  to   dive   in   among   the   leav   ,   which   she   found   to   be   noth   but   the   top  of   the   tree   under   which   she   had   been   wander   ,   when   a   sharp   hiss   made  her   draw   back   in   a   hurri   :   a   larg   pigeon   had   flown   into   her   face   ,   and  wa   beat   her   violent   with   it   wing   .  'serpent   !   '   scream   the   pigeon   .  '   I   'm   not   a   serpent   !   '   said   alic   indignantli   .   'let   me   alon   !   '  'serpent   ,   I   say   again   !   '   repeat   the   pigeon   ,   but   in   a   more   subdu   tone   ,  and   ad   with   a   kind   of   sob   ,   '   I   've   tri   everi   way   ,   and   noth   seem  to   suit   them   !   '  '   I   have   n't   the   least   idea   what   you   're   talk   about   ,   '   said   alic   .  '   I   've   tri   the   root   of   tree   ,   and   I   've   tri   bank   ,   and   I   've   tri  hedg   ,   '   the   pigeon   went   on   ,   without   attend   to   her   ;   'but   those  serpent   !   there   's   no   pleas   them   !   '  alic   wa   more   and   more   puzzl   ,   but   she   thought   there   wa   no   use   in  say   anyth   more   till   the   pigeon   had   finish   .  'a   if   it   wa   n't   troubl   enough   hatch   the   egg   ,   '   said   the   pigeon   ;  'but   I   must   be   on   the   look-out   for   serpent   night   and   day   !   whi   ,   I  have   n't   had   a   wink   of   sleep   these   three   week   !   '  '   I   'm   veri   sorri   you   've   been   annoy   ,   '   said   alic   ,   who   wa   begin   to  see   it   mean   .  'and   just   as   I   'd   taken   the   highest   tree   in   the   wood   ,   '   continu   the  pigeon   ,   rais   it   voic   to   a   shriek   ,   'and   just   as   I   wa   think   I  should   be   free   of   them   at   last   ,   they   must   need   come   wriggl   down   from  the   sky   !   ugh   ,   serpent   !   '  'but   I   'm   not   a   serpent   ,   I   tell   you   !   '   said   alic   .   '   I   'm   a   --   I   'm   a   --   '  'well   !   what   are   you   ?   '   said   the   pigeon   .   '   I   can   see   you   're   tri   to  invent   someth   !   '  '   I   --   I   'm   a   littl   girl   ,   '   said   alic   ,   rather   doubt   ,   as   she   rememb  the   number   of   chang   she   had   gone   through   that   day   .  '   A   like   stori   inde   !   '   said   the   pigeon   in   a   tone   of   the   deepest  contempt   .   '   I   've   seen   a   good   mani   littl   girl   in   my   time   ,   but   never   one  with   such   a   neck   as   that   !   No   ,   no   !   you   're   a   serpent   ;   and   there   's   no   use  deni   it   .   I   suppos   you   'll   be   tell   me   next   that   you   never   tast   an  egg   !   '  '   I   have   tast   egg   ,   certainli   ,   '   said   alic   ,   who   wa   a   veri   truth  child   ;   'but   littl   girl   eat   egg   quit   as   much   as   serpent   do   ,   you  know   .   '  '   I   do   n't   believ   it   ,   '   said   the   pigeon   ;   'but   if   they   do   ,   whi   then   they   're  a   kind   of   serpent   ,   that   's   all   I   can   say   .   '  thi   wa   such   a   new   idea   to   alic   ,   that   she   wa   quit   silent   for   a  minut   or   two   ,   which   gave   the   pigeon   the   opportun   of   ad   ,   'you   're  look   for   egg   ,   I   know   that   well   enough   ;   and   what   doe   it   matter   to   me  whether   you   're   a   littl   girl   or   a   serpent   ?   '  'it   matter   a   good   deal   to   ME   ,   '   said   alic   hastili   ;   'but   I   'm   not   look  for   egg   ,   as   it   happen   ;   and   if   I   wa   ,   I   should   n't   want   your   :   I   do   n't  like   them   raw   .   '  'well   ,   be   off   ,   then   !   '   said   the   pigeon   in   a   sulki   tone   ,   as   it   settl  down   again   into   it   nest   .   alic   crouch   down   among   the   tree   as   well   as  she   could   ,   for   her   neck   kept   get   entangl   among   the   branch   ,   and  everi   now   and   then   she   had   to   stop   and   untwist   it   .   after   a   while   she  rememb   that   she   still   held   the   piec   of   mushroom   in   her   hand   ,   and  she   set   to   work   veri   care   ,   nibbl   first   at   one   and   then   at   the  other   ,   and   grow   sometim   taller   and   sometim   shorter   ,   until   she   had  succeed   in   bring   herself   down   to   her   usual   height   .  It   wa   so   long   sinc   she   had   been   anyth   near   the   right   size   ,   that   it  felt   quit   strang   at   first   ;   but   she   got   use   to   it   in   a   few   minut   ,  and   began   talk   to   herself   ,   as   usual   .   'come   ,   there   's   half   my   plan   done  now   !   how   puzzl   all   these   chang   are   !   I   'm   never   sure   what   I   'm   go  to   be   ,   from   one   minut   to   anoth   !   howev   ,   I   've   got   back   to   my   right  size   :   the   next   thing   is   ,   to   get   into   that   beauti   garden   --   how   IS   that  to   be   done   ,   I   wonder   ?   '   As   she   said   thi   ,   she   came   suddenli   upon   an   open  place   ,   with   a   littl   hous   in   it   about   four   feet   high   .   'whoever   live  there   ,   '   thought   alic   ,   'it   'll   never   do   to   come   upon   them   thi   size   :   whi   ,  I   should   frighten   them   out   of   their   wit   !   '   So   she   began   nibbl   at   the  righthand   bit   again   ,   and   did   not   ventur   to   go   near   the   hous   till   she  had   brought   herself   down   to   nine   inch   high   .  chapter   VI   .   pig   and   pepper  for   a   minut   or   two   she   stood   look   at   the   hous   ,   and   wonder   what  to   do   next   ,   when   suddenli   a   footman   in   liveri   came   run   out   of   the  wood   --   (   she   consid   him   to   be   a   footman   becaus   he   wa   in   liveri   :  otherwis   ,   judg   by   hi   face   onli   ,   she   would   have   call   him   a  fish   )   --   and   rap   loudli   at   the   door   with   hi   knuckl   .   It   wa   open  by   anoth   footman   in   liveri   ,   with   a   round   face   ,   and   larg   eye   like   a  frog   ;   and   both   footmen   ,   alic   notic   ,   had   powder   hair   that   curl   all  over   their   head   .   she   felt   veri   curiou   to   know   what   it   wa   all   about   ,  and   crept   a   littl   way   out   of   the   wood   to   listen   .  the   fish-footman   began   by   produc   from   under   hi   arm   a   great   letter   ,  nearli   as   larg   as   himself   ,   and   thi   he   hand   over   to   the   other   ,  say   ,   in   a   solemn   tone   ,   'for   the   duchess   .   An   invit   from   the   queen  to   play   croquet   .   '   the   frog-footman   repeat   ,   in   the   same   solemn   tone   ,  onli   chang   the   order   of   the   word   a   littl   ,   'from   the   queen   .   An  invit   for   the   duchess   to   play   croquet   .   '  then   they   both   bow   low   ,   and   their   curl   got   entangl   togeth   .  alic   laugh   so   much   at   thi   ,   that   she   had   to   run   back   into   the  wood   for   fear   of   their   hear   her   ;   and   when   she   next   peep   out   the  fish-footman   wa   gone   ,   and   the   other   wa   sit   on   the   ground   near   the  door   ,   stare   stupidli   up   into   the   sky   .  alic   went   timidli   up   to   the   door   ,   and   knock   .  'there   's   no   sort   of   use   in   knock   ,   '   said   the   footman   ,   'and   that   for  two   reason   .   first   ,   becaus   I   'm   on   the   same   side   of   the   door   as   you  are   ;   secondli   ,   becaus   they   're   make   such   a   nois   insid   ,   no   one   could  possibl   hear   you   .   '   and   certainli   there   wa   a   most   extraordinari   nois  go   on   within   --   a   constant   howl   and   sneez   ,   and   everi   now   and   then  a   great   crash   ,   as   if   a   dish   or   kettl   had   been   broken   to   piec   .  'pleas   ,   then   ,   '   said   alic   ,   'how   am   I   to   get   in   ?   '  'there   might   be   some   sens   in   your   knock   ,   '   the   footman   went   on  without   attend   to   her   ,   'if   we   had   the   door   between   us   .   for   instanc   ,  if   you   were   insid   ,   you   might   knock   ,   and   I   could   let   you   out   ,   you   know   .   '  He   wa   look   up   into   the   sky   all   the   time   he   wa   speak   ,   and   thi  alic   thought   decidedli   uncivil   .   'but   perhap   he   ca   n't   help   it   ,   '   she  said   to   herself   ;   'hi   eye   are   so   veri   nearli   at   the   top   of   hi   head   .  but   at   ani   rate   he   might   answer   questions.   --   how   am   I   to   get   in   ?   '   she  repeat   ,   aloud   .  '   I   shall   sit   here   ,   '   the   footman   remark   ,   'till   tomorrow   --   '  At   thi   moment   the   door   of   the   hous   open   ,   and   a   larg   plate   came  skim   out   ,   straight   at   the   footman   's   head   :   it   just   graze   hi   nose   ,  and   broke   to   piec   against   one   of   the   tree   behind   him   .  '   --   or   next   day   ,   mayb   ,   '   the   footman   continu   in   the   same   tone   ,   exactli  as   if   noth   had   happen   .  'how   am   I   to   get   in   ?   '   ask   alic   again   ,   in   a   louder   tone   .  'are   you   to   get   in   at   all   ?   '   said   the   footman   .   'that   's   the   first  question   ,   you   know   .   '  It   wa   ,   no   doubt   :   onli   alic   did   not   like   to   be   told   so   .   'it   's   realli  dread   ,   '   she   mutter   to   herself   ,   'the   way   all   the   creatur   argu   .  It   's   enough   to   drive   one   crazi   !   '  the   footman   seem   to   think   thi   a   good   opportun   for   repeat   hi  remark   ,   with   variat   .   '   I   shall   sit   here   ,   '   he   said   ,   'on   and   off   ,   for  day   and   day   .   '  'but   what   am   I   to   do   ?   '   said   alic   .  'anyth   you   like   ,   '   said   the   footman   ,   and   began   whistl   .  'oh   ,   there   's   no   use   in   talk   to   him   ,   '   said   alic   desper   :   'he   's  perfectli   idiot   !   '   and   she   open   the   door   and   went   in   .  the   door   led   right   into   a   larg   kitchen   ,   which   wa   full   of   smoke   from  one   end   to   the   other   :   the   duchess   wa   sit   on   a   three-leg   stool   in  the   middl   ,   nurs   a   babi   ;   the   cook   wa   lean   over   the   fire   ,   stir  a   larg   cauldron   which   seem   to   be   full   of   soup   .  'there   's   certainli   too   much   pepper   in   that   soup   !   '   alic   said   to   herself   ,  as   well   as   she   could   for   sneez   .  there   wa   certainli   too   much   of   it   in   the   air   .   even   the   duchess  sneez   occasion   ;   and   as   for   the   babi   ,   it   wa   sneez   and   howl  altern   without   a   moment   's   paus   .   the   onli   thing   in   the   kitchen  that   did   not   sneez   ,   were   the   cook   ,   and   a   larg   cat   which   wa   sit   on  the   hearth   and   grin   from   ear   to   ear   .  'pleas   would   you   tell   me   ,   '   said   alic   ,   a   littl   timidli   ,   for   she   wa  not   quit   sure   whether   it   wa   good   manner   for   her   to   speak   first   ,   'whi  your   cat   grin   like   that   ?   '  'it   's   a   cheshir   cat   ,   '   said   the   duchess   ,   'and   that   's   whi   .   pig   !   '  she   said   the   last   word   with   such   sudden   violenc   that   alic   quit  jump   ;   but   she   saw   in   anoth   moment   that   it   wa   address   to   the   babi   ,  and   not   to   her   ,   so   she   took   courag   ,   and   went   on   again   :   --  '   I   did   n't   know   that   cheshir   cat   alway   grin   ;   in   fact   ,   I   did   n't   know  that   cat   could   grin   .   '  'they   all   can   ,   '   said   the   duchess   ;   'and   most   of   'em   do   .   '  '   I   do   n't   know   of   ani   that   do   ,   '   alic   said   veri   polit   ,   feel   quit  pleas   to   have   got   into   a   convers   .  'you   do   n't   know   much   ,   '   said   the   duchess   ;   'and   that   's   a   fact   .   '  alic   did   not   at   all   like   the   tone   of   thi   remark   ,   and   thought   it   would  be   as   well   to   introduc   some   other   subject   of   convers   .   while   she  wa   tri   to   fix   on   one   ,   the   cook   took   the   cauldron   of   soup   off   the  fire   ,   and   at   onc   set   to   work   throw   everyth   within   her   reach   at  the   duchess   and   the   babi   --   the   fire-iron   came   first   ;   then   follow   a  shower   of   saucepan   ,   plate   ,   and   dish   .   the   duchess   took   no   notic   of  them   even   when   they   hit   her   ;   and   the   babi   wa   howl   so   much   alreadi   ,  that   it   wa   quit   imposs   to   say   whether   the   blow   hurt   it   or   not   .  'oh   ,   pleas   mind   what   you   're   do   !   '   cri   alic   ,   jump   up   and   down   in  an   agoni   of   terror   .   'oh   ,   there   goe   hi   preciou   nose   '   ;   as   an   unusu  larg   saucepan   flew   close   by   it   ,   and   veri   nearli   carri   it   off   .  'if   everybodi   mind   their   own   busi   ,   '   the   duchess   said   in   a   hoars  growl   ,   'the   world   would   go   round   a   deal   faster   than   it   doe   .   '  'which   would   not   be   an   advantag   ,   '   said   alic   ,   who   felt   veri   glad   to   get  an   opportun   of   show   off   a   littl   of   her   knowledg   .   'just   think   of  what   work   it   would   make   with   the   day   and   night   !   you   see   the   earth   take  twenty-four   hour   to   turn   round   on   it   axi   --   '  'talk   of   axe   ,   '   said   the   duchess   ,   'chop   off   her   head   !   '  alic   glanc   rather   anxious   at   the   cook   ,   to   see   if   she   meant   to   take  the   hint   ;   but   the   cook   wa   busili   stir   the   soup   ,   and   seem   not   to  be   listen   ,   so   she   went   on   again   :   'twenty-four   hour   ,   I   think   ;   or   is  it   twelv   ?   I   --   '  'oh   ,   do   n't   bother   ME   ,   '   said   the   duchess   ;   '   I   never   could   abid   figur   !   '  and   with   that   she   began   nurs   her   child   again   ,   sing   a   sort   of  lullabi   to   it   as   she   did   so   ,   and   give   it   a   violent   shake   at   the   end   of  everi   line   :  'speak   roughli   to   your   littl   boy   ,  and   beat   him   when   he   sneez   :  He   onli   doe   it   to   annoy   ,  becaus   he   know   it   teas   .   '  choru   .  (   In   which   the   cook   and   the   babi   join   )   :   --  'wow   !   wow   !   wow   !   '  while   the   duchess   sang   the   second   vers   of   the   song   ,   she   kept   toss  the   babi   violent   up   and   down   ,   and   the   poor   littl   thing   howl   so   ,  that   alic   could   hardli   hear   the   word   :   --  '   I   speak   sever   to   my   boy   ,  I   beat   him   when   he   sneez   ;  for   he   can   thoroughli   enjoy  the   pepper   when   he   pleas   !   '  choru   .  'wow   !   wow   !   wow   !   '  'here   !   you   may   nurs   it   a   bit   ,   if   you   like   !   '   the   duchess   said   to   alic   ,  fling   the   babi   at   her   as   she   spoke   .   '   I   must   go   and   get   readi   to   play  croquet   with   the   queen   ,   '   and   she   hurri   out   of   the   room   .   the   cook   threw  a   frying-pan   after   her   as   she   went   out   ,   but   it   just   miss   her   .  alic   caught   the   babi   with   some   difficulti   ,   as   it   wa   a   queer-shap  littl   creatur   ,   and   held   out   it   arm   and   leg   in   all   direct   ,   'just  like   a   star-fish   ,   '   thought   alic   .   the   poor   littl   thing   wa   snort  like   a   steam-engin   when   she   caught   it   ,   and   kept   doubl   itself   up   and  straighten   itself   out   again   ,   so   that   altogeth   ,   for   the   first   minut  or   two   ,   it   wa   as   much   as   she   could   do   to   hold   it   .  As   soon   as   she   had   made   out   the   proper   way   of   nurs   it   ,   (   which   wa   to  twist   it   up   into   a   sort   of   knot   ,   and   then   keep   tight   hold   of   it   right  ear   and   left   foot   ,   so   as   to   prevent   it   undo   itself   ,   )   she   carri  it   out   into   the   open   air   .   'if   I   do   n't   take   thi   child   away   with   me   ,   '  thought   alic   ,   'they   're   sure   to   kill   it   in   a   day   or   two   :   would   n't   it   be  murder   to   leav   it   behind   ?   '   she   said   the   last   word   out   loud   ,   and   the  littl   thing   grunt   in   repli   (   it   had   left   off   sneez   by   thi   time   )   .  'do   n't   grunt   ,   '   said   alic   ;   'that   's   not   at   all   a   proper   way   of   express  yourself   .   '  the   babi   grunt   again   ,   and   alic   look   veri   anxious   into   it   face   to  see   what   wa   the   matter   with   it   .   there   could   be   no   doubt   that   it   had  a   veri   turn-up   nose   ,   much   more   like   a   snout   than   a   real   nose   ;   also   it  eye   were   get   extrem   small   for   a   babi   :   altogeth   alic   did   not  like   the   look   of   the   thing   at   all   .   'but   perhap   it   wa   onli   sob   ,   '  she   thought   ,   and   look   into   it   eye   again   ,   to   see   if   there   were   ani  tear   .  No   ,   there   were   no   tear   .   'if   you   're   go   to   turn   into   a   pig   ,   my   dear   ,   '  said   alic   ,   serious   ,   '   I   'll   have   noth   more   to   do   with   you   .   mind  now   !   '   the   poor   littl   thing   sob   again   (   or   grunt   ,   it   wa   imposs  to   say   which   )   ,   and   they   went   on   for   some   while   in   silenc   .  alic   wa   just   begin   to   think   to   herself   ,   'now   ,   what   am   I   to   do   with  thi   creatur   when   I   get   it   home   ?   '   when   it   grunt   again   ,   so   violent   ,  that   she   look   down   into   it   face   in   some   alarm   .   thi   time   there   could  be   NO   mistak   about   it   :   it   wa   neither   more   nor   less   than   a   pig   ,   and   she  felt   that   it   would   be   quit   absurd   for   her   to   carri   it   further   .  So   she   set   the   littl   creatur   down   ,   and   felt   quit   reliev   to   see  it   trot   away   quietli   into   the   wood   .   'if   it   had   grown   up   ,   '   she   said  to   herself   ,   'it   would   have   made   a   dread   ugli   child   :   but   it   make  rather   a   handsom   pig   ,   I   think   .   '   and   she   began   think   over   other  children   she   knew   ,   who   might   do   veri   well   as   pig   ,   and   wa   just   say  to   herself   ,   'if   one   onli   knew   the   right   way   to   chang   them   --   '   when   she  wa   a   littl   startl   by   see   the   cheshir   cat   sit   on   a   bough   of   a  tree   a   few   yard   off   .  the   cat   onli   grin   when   it   saw   alic   .   It   look   good-natur   ,   she  thought   :   still   it   had   veri   long   claw   and   a   great   mani   teeth   ,   so   she  felt   that   it   ought   to   be   treat   with   respect   .  'cheshir   puss   ,   '   she   began   ,   rather   timidli   ,   as   she   did   not   at   all   know  whether   it   would   like   the   name   :   howev   ,   it   onli   grin   a   littl   wider   .  'come   ,   it   's   pleas   so   far   ,   '   thought   alic   ,   and   she   went   on   .   'would   you  tell   me   ,   pleas   ,   which   way   I   ought   to   go   from   here   ?   '  'that   depend   a   good   deal   on   where   you   want   to   get   to   ,   '   said   the   cat   .  '   I   do   n't   much   care   where   --   '   said   alic   .  'then   it   doe   n't   matter   which   way   you   go   ,   '   said   the   cat   .  '   --   so   long   as   I   get   somewher   ,   '   alic   ad   as   an   explan   .  'oh   ,   you   're   sure   to   do   that   ,   '   said   the   cat   ,   'if   you   onli   walk   long  enough   .   '  alic   felt   that   thi   could   not   be   deni   ,   so   she   tri   anoth   question   .  'what   sort   of   peopl   live   about   here   ?   '  'in   that   direct   ,   '   the   cat   said   ,   wave   it   right   paw   round   ,   'live  a   hatter   :   and   in   that   direct   ,   '   wave   the   other   paw   ,   'live   a   march  hare   .   visit   either   you   like   :   they   're   both   mad   .   '  'but   I   do   n't   want   to   go   among   mad   peopl   ,   '   alic   remark   .  'oh   ,   you   ca   n't   help   that   ,   '   said   the   cat   :   'we   're   all   mad   here   .   I   'm   mad   .  you   're   mad   .   '  'how   do   you   know   I   'm   mad   ?   '   said   alic   .  'you   must   be   ,   '   said   the   cat   ,   'or   you   would   n't   have   come   here   .   '  alic   did   n't   think   that   prove   it   at   all   ;   howev   ,   she   went   on   'and   how  do   you   know   that   you   're   mad   ?   '  'to   begin   with   ,   '   said   the   cat   ,   '   a   dog   's   not   mad   .   you   grant   that   ?   '  '   I   suppos   so   ,   '   said   alic   .  'well   ,   then   ,   '   the   cat   went   on   ,   'you   see   ,   a   dog   growl   when   it   's   angri   ,  and   wag   it   tail   when   it   's   pleas   .   now   I   growl   when   I   'm   pleas   ,   and  wag   my   tail   when   I   'm   angri   .   therefor   I   'm   mad   .   '  '   I   call   it   pur   ,   not   growl   ,   '   said   alic   .  'call   it   what   you   like   ,   '   said   the   cat   .   'do   you   play   croquet   with   the  queen   to-day   ?   '  '   I   should   like   it   veri   much   ,   '   said   alic   ,   'but   I   have   n't   been   invit  yet   .   '  'you   'll   see   me   there   ,   '   said   the   cat   ,   and   vanish   .  alic   wa   not   much   surpris   at   thi   ,   she   wa   get   so   use   to   queer  thing   happen   .   while   she   wa   look   at   the   place   where   it   had   been   ,  it   suddenli   appear   again   .  'by-the-by   ,   what   becam   of   the   babi   ?   '   said   the   cat   .   '   I   'd   nearli  forgotten   to   ask   .   '  'it   turn   into   a   pig   ,   '   alic   quietli   said   ,   just   as   if   it   had   come   back  in   a   natur   way   .  '   I   thought   it   would   ,   '   said   the   cat   ,   and   vanish   again   .  alic   wait   a   littl   ,   half   expect   to   see   it   again   ,   but   it   did   not  appear   ,   and   after   a   minut   or   two   she   walk   on   in   the   direct   in  which   the   march   hare   wa   said   to   live   .   '   I   've   seen   hatter   befor   ,   '   she  said   to   herself   ;   'the   march   hare   will   be   much   the   most   interest   ,   and  perhap   as   thi   is   may   it   wo   n't   be   rave   mad   --   at   least   not   so   mad   as  it   wa   in   march   .   '   As   she   said   thi   ,   she   look   up   ,   and   there   wa   the   cat  again   ,   sit   on   a   branch   of   a   tree   .  'did   you   say   pig   ,   or   fig   ?   '   said   the   cat   .  '   I   said   pig   ,   '   repli   alic   ;   'and   I   wish   you   would   n't   keep   appear   and  vanish   so   suddenli   :   you   make   one   quit   giddi   .   '  'all   right   ,   '   said   the   cat   ;   and   thi   time   it   vanish   quit   slowli   ,  begin   with   the   end   of   the   tail   ,   and   end   with   the   grin   ,   which  remain   some   time   after   the   rest   of   it   had   gone   .  'well   !   I   've   often   seen   a   cat   without   a   grin   ,   '   thought   alic   ;   'but   a   grin  without   a   cat   !   It   's   the   most   curiou   thing   I   ever   saw   in   my   life   !   '  she   had   not   gone   much   farther   befor   she   came   in   sight   of   the   hous  of   the   march   hare   :   she   thought   it   must   be   the   right   hous   ,   becaus   the  chimney   were   shape   like   ear   and   the   roof   wa   thatch   with   fur   .   It  wa   so   larg   a   hous   ,   that   she   did   not   like   to   go   nearer   till   she   had  nibbl   some   more   of   the   lefthand   bit   of   mushroom   ,   and   rais   herself   to  about   two   feet   high   :   even   then   she   walk   up   toward   it   rather   timidli   ,  say   to   herself   'suppos   it   should   be   rave   mad   after   all   !   I   almost  wish   I   'd   gone   to   see   the   hatter   instead   !   '  chapter   vii   .   A   mad   tea-parti  there   wa   a   tabl   set   out   under   a   tree   in   front   of   the   hous   ,   and   the  march   hare   and   the   hatter   were   have   tea   at   it   :   a   dormous   wa   sit  between   them   ,   fast   asleep   ,   and   the   other   two   were   use   it   as   a  cushion   ,   rest   their   elbow   on   it   ,   and   talk   over   it   head   .   'veri  uncomfort   for   the   dormous   ,   '   thought   alic   ;   'onli   ,   as   it   's   asleep   ,   I  suppos   it   doe   n't   mind   .   '  the   tabl   wa   a   larg   one   ,   but   the   three   were   all   crowd   togeth   at  one   corner   of   it   :   'no   room   !   No   room   !   '   they   cri   out   when   they   saw   alic  come   .   'there   's   plenti   of   room   !   '   said   alic   indignantli   ,   and   she   sat  down   in   a   larg   arm-chair   at   one   end   of   the   tabl   .  'have   some   wine   ,   '   the   march   hare   said   in   an   encourag   tone   .  alic   look   all   round   the   tabl   ,   but   there   wa   noth   on   it   but   tea   .  '   I   do   n't   see   ani   wine   ,   '   she   remark   .  'there   is   n't   ani   ,   '   said   the   march   hare   .  'then   it   wa   n't   veri   civil   of   you   to   offer   it   ,   '   said   alic   angrili   .  'it   wa   n't   veri   civil   of   you   to   sit   down   without   be   invit   ,   '   said  the   march   hare   .  '   I   did   n't   know   it   wa   your   tabl   ,   '   said   alic   ;   'it   's   laid   for   a   great  mani   more   than   three   .   '  'your   hair   want   cut   ,   '   said   the   hatter   .   He   had   been   look   at   alic  for   some   time   with   great   curios   ,   and   thi   wa   hi   first   speech   .  'you   should   learn   not   to   make   person   remark   ,   '   alic   said   with   some  sever   ;   'it   's   veri   rude   .   '  the   hatter   open   hi   eye   veri   wide   on   hear   thi   ;   but   all   he   said  wa   ,   'whi   is   a   raven   like   a   writing-desk   ?   '  'come   ,   we   shall   have   some   fun   now   !   '   thought   alic   .   '   I   'm   glad   they   've  begun   ask   riddles.   --   I   believ   I   can   guess   that   ,   '   she   ad   aloud   .  'do   you   mean   that   you   think   you   can   find   out   the   answer   to   it   ?   '   said   the  march   hare   .  'exactli   so   ,   '   said   alic   .  'then   you   should   say   what   you   mean   ,   '   the   march   hare   went   on   .  '   I   do   ,   '   alic   hastili   repli   ;   'at   least   --   at   least   I   mean   what   I  say   --   that   's   the   same   thing   ,   you   know   .   '  'not   the   same   thing   a   bit   !   '   said   the   hatter   .   'you   might   just   as   well   say  that   ``   I   see   what   I   eat   ''   is   the   same   thing   as   ``   I   eat   what   I   see   ''   !   '  'you   might   just   as   well   say   ,   '   ad   the   march   hare   ,   'that   ``   I   like   what   I  get   ''   is   the   same   thing   as   ``   I   get   what   I   like   ''   !   '  'you   might   just   as   well   say   ,   '   ad   the   dormous   ,   who   seem   to   be  talk   in   hi   sleep   ,   'that   ``   I   breath   when   I   sleep   ''   is   the   same   thing  as   ``   I   sleep   when   I   breath   ''   !   '  'it   IS   the   same   thing   with   you   ,   '   said   the   hatter   ,   and   here   the  convers   drop   ,   and   the   parti   sat   silent   for   a   minut   ,   while   alic  thought   over   all   she   could   rememb   about   raven   and   writing-desk   ,  which   wa   n't   much   .  the   hatter   wa   the   first   to   break   the   silenc   .   'what   day   of   the   month  is   it   ?   '   he   said   ,   turn   to   alic   :   he   had   taken   hi   watch   out   of   hi  pocket   ,   and   wa   look   at   it   uneasili   ,   shake   it   everi   now   and   then   ,  and   hold   it   to   hi   ear   .  alic   consid   a   littl   ,   and   then   said   'the   fourth   .   '  'two   day   wrong   !   '   sigh   the   hatter   .   '   I   told   you   butter   would   n't   suit  the   work   !   '   he   ad   look   angrili   at   the   march   hare   .  'it   wa   the   best   butter   ,   '   the   march   hare   meekli   repli   .  'ye   ,   but   some   crumb   must   have   got   in   as   well   ,   '   the   hatter   grumbl   :  'you   should   n't   have   put   it   in   with   the   bread-knif   .   '  the   march   hare   took   the   watch   and   look   at   it   gloomili   :   then   he   dip  it   into   hi   cup   of   tea   ,   and   look   at   it   again   :   but   he   could   think   of  noth   better   to   say   than   hi   first   remark   ,   'it   wa   the   best   butter   ,  you   know   .   '  alic   had   been   look   over   hi   shoulder   with   some   curios   .   'what   a  funni   watch   !   '   she   remark   .   'it   tell   the   day   of   the   month   ,   and   doe   n't  tell   what   o'clock   it   is   !   '  'whi   should   it   ?   '   mutter   the   hatter   .   'doe   your   watch   tell   you   what  year   it   is   ?   '  'of   cours   not   ,   '   alic   repli   veri   readili   :   'but   that   's   becaus   it  stay   the   same   year   for   such   a   long   time   togeth   .   '  'which   is   just   the   case   with   mine   ,   '   said   the   hatter   .  alic   felt   dread   puzzl   .   the   hatter   's   remark   seem   to   have   no  sort   of   mean   in   it   ,   and   yet   it   wa   certainli   english   .   '   I   do   n't   quit  understand   you   ,   '   she   said   ,   as   polit   as   she   could   .  'the   dormous   is   asleep   again   ,   '   said   the   hatter   ,   and   he   pour   a   littl  hot   tea   upon   it   nose   .  the   dormous   shook   it   head   impati   ,   and   said   ,   without   open   it  eye   ,   'of   cours   ,   of   cours   ;   just   what   I   wa   go   to   remark   myself   .   '  'have   you   guess   the   riddl   yet   ?   '   the   hatter   said   ,   turn   to   alic  again   .  'no   ,   I   give   it   up   ,   '   alic   repli   :   'what   's   the   answer   ?   '  '   I   have   n't   the   slightest   idea   ,   '   said   the   hatter   .  'nor   I   ,   '   said   the   march   hare   .  alic   sigh   wearili   .   '   I   think   you   might   do   someth   better   with   the  time   ,   '   she   said   ,   'than   wast   it   in   ask   riddl   that   have   no   answer   .   '  'if   you   knew   time   as   well   as   I   do   ,   '   said   the   hatter   ,   'you   would   n't   talk  about   wast   IT   .   It   's   him   .   '  '   I   do   n't   know   what   you   mean   ,   '   said   alic   .  'of   cours   you   do   n't   !   '   the   hatter   said   ,   toss   hi   head   contemptu   .  '   I   dare   say   you   never   even   spoke   to   time   !   '  'perhap   not   ,   '   alic   cautious   repli   :   'but   I   know   I   have   to   beat   time  when   I   learn   music   .   '  'ah   !   that   account   for   it   ,   '   said   the   hatter   .   'he   wo   n't   stand   beat   .  now   ,   if   you   onli   kept   on   good   term   with   him   ,   he   'd   do   almost   anyth  you   like   with   the   clock   .   for   instanc   ,   suppos   it   were   nine   o'clock   in  the   morn   ,   just   time   to   begin   lesson   :   you   'd   onli   have   to   whisper   a  hint   to   time   ,   and   round   goe   the   clock   in   a   twinkl   !   half-past   one   ,  time   for   dinner   !   '  (   '   I   onli   wish   it   wa   ,   '   the   march   hare   said   to   itself   in   a   whisper   .   )  'that   would   be   grand   ,   certainli   ,   '   said   alic   thought   :   'but   then   --   I  should   n't   be   hungri   for   it   ,   you   know   .   '  'not   at   first   ,   perhap   ,   '   said   the   hatter   :   'but   you   could   keep   it   to  half-past   one   as   long   as   you   like   .   '  'i   that   the   way   you   manag   ?   '   alic   ask   .  the   hatter   shook   hi   head   mourn   .   'not   I   !   '   he   repli   .   'we  quarrel   last   march   --   just   befor   HE   went   mad   ,   you   know   --   '   (   point  with   hi   tea   spoon   at   the   march   hare   ,   )   '   --   it   wa   at   the   great   concert  given   by   the   queen   of   heart   ,   and   I   had   to   sing  ``   twinkl   ,   twinkl   ,   littl   bat   !  how   I   wonder   what   you   're   at   !   ''  you   know   the   song   ,   perhap   ?   '  '   I   've   heard   someth   like   it   ,   '   said   alic   .  'it   goe   on   ,   you   know   ,   '   the   hatter   continu   ,   'in   thi   way   :   --  ``   Up   abov   the   world   you   fli   ,  like   a   tea-tray   in   the   sky   .  twinkl   ,   twinkl   --   ''   '  here   the   dormous   shook   itself   ,   and   began   sing   in   it   sleep   'twinkl   ,  twinkl   ,   twinkl   ,   twinkl   --   '   and   went   on   so   long   that   they   had   to   pinch  it   to   make   it   stop   .  'well   ,   I   'd   hardli   finish   the   first   vers   ,   '   said   the   hatter   ,   'when   the  queen   jump   up   and   bawl   out   ,   ``   He   's   murder   the   time   !   off   with   hi  head   !   ''   '  'how   dread   savag   !   '   exclaim   alic   .  'and   ever   sinc   that   ,   '   the   hatter   went   on   in   a   mourn   tone   ,   'he   wo   n't  do   a   thing   I   ask   !   It   's   alway   six   o'clock   now   .   '  A   bright   idea   came   into   alic   's   head   .   'i   that   the   reason   so   mani  tea-th   are   put   out   here   ?   '   she   ask   .  'ye   ,   that   's   it   ,   '   said   the   hatter   with   a   sigh   :   'it   's   alway   tea-tim   ,  and   we   've   no   time   to   wash   the   thing   between   while   .   '  'then   you   keep   move   round   ,   I   suppos   ?   '   said   alic   .  'exactli   so   ,   '   said   the   hatter   :   'a   the   thing   get   use   up   .   '  'but   what   happen   when   you   come   to   the   begin   again   ?   '   alic   ventur  to   ask   .  'suppos   we   chang   the   subject   ,   '   the   march   hare   interrupt   ,   yawn   .  '   I   'm   get   tire   of   thi   .   I   vote   the   young   ladi   tell   us   a   stori   .   '  '   I   'm   afraid   I   do   n't   know   one   ,   '   said   alic   ,   rather   alarm   at   the  propos   .  'then   the   dormous   shall   !   '   they   both   cri   .   'wake   up   ,   dormous   !   '   and  they   pinch   it   on   both   side   at   onc   .  the   dormous   slowli   open   hi   eye   .   '   I   wa   n't   asleep   ,   '   he   said   in   a  hoars   ,   feebl   voic   :   '   I   heard   everi   word   you   fellow   were   say   .   '  'tell   us   a   stori   !   '   said   the   march   hare   .  'ye   ,   pleas   do   !   '   plead   alic   .  'and   be   quick   about   it   ,   '   ad   the   hatter   ,   'or   you   'll   be   asleep   again  befor   it   's   done   .   '  'onc   upon   a   time   there   were   three   littl   sister   ,   '   the   dormous   began  in   a   great   hurri   ;   'and   their   name   were   elsi   ,   laci   ,   and   tilli   ;   and  they   live   at   the   bottom   of   a   well   --   '  'what   did   they   live   on   ?   '   said   alic   ,   who   alway   took   a   great   interest   in  question   of   eat   and   drink   .  'they   live   on   treacl   ,   '   said   the   dormous   ,   after   think   a   minut   or  two   .  'they   could   n't   have   done   that   ,   you   know   ,   '   alic   gentli   remark   ;   'they   'd  have   been   ill   .   '  'so   they   were   ,   '   said   the   dormous   ;   'veri   ill   .   '  alic   tri   to   fanci   to   herself   what   such   an   extraordinari   way   of  live   would   be   like   ,   but   it   puzzl   her   too   much   ,   so   she   went   on   :   'but  whi   did   they   live   at   the   bottom   of   a   well   ?   '  'take   some   more   tea   ,   '   the   march   hare   said   to   alic   ,   veri   earnestli   .  '   I   've   had   noth   yet   ,   '   alic   repli   in   an   offend   tone   ,   'so   I   ca   n't  take   more   .   '  'you   mean   you   ca   n't   take   less   ,   '   said   the   hatter   :   'it   's   veri   easi   to   take  more   than   noth   .   '  'nobodi   ask   your   opinion   ,   '   said   alic   .  'who   's   make   person   remark   now   ?   '   the   hatter   ask   triumphantli   .  alic   did   not   quit   know   what   to   say   to   thi   :   so   she   help   herself  to   some   tea   and   bread-and-butt   ,   and   then   turn   to   the   dormous   ,   and  repeat   her   question   .   'whi   did   they   live   at   the   bottom   of   a   well   ?   '  the   dormous   again   took   a   minut   or   two   to   think   about   it   ,   and   then  said   ,   'it   wa   a   treacle-wel   .   '  'there   's   no   such   thing   !   '   alic   wa   begin   veri   angrili   ,   but   the  hatter   and   the   march   hare   went   'sh   !   sh   !   '   and   the   dormous   sulkili  remark   ,   'if   you   ca   n't   be   civil   ,   you   'd   better   finish   the   stori   for  yourself   .   '  'no   ,   pleas   go   on   !   '   alic   said   veri   humbl   ;   '   I   wo   n't   interrupt   again   .   I  dare   say   there   may   be   one   .   '  'one   ,   inde   !   '   said   the   dormous   indignantli   .   howev   ,   he   consent   to  go   on   .   'and   so   these   three   littl   sister   --   they   were   learn   to   draw   ,  you   know   --   '  'what   did   they   draw   ?   '   said   alic   ,   quit   forget   her   promis   .  'treacl   ,   '   said   the   dormous   ,   without   consid   at   all   thi   time   .  '   I   want   a   clean   cup   ,   '   interrupt   the   hatter   :   'let   's   all   move   one   place  on   .   '  He   move   on   as   he   spoke   ,   and   the   dormous   follow   him   :   the   march   hare  move   into   the   dormous   's   place   ,   and   alic   rather   unwillingli   took  the   place   of   the   march   hare   .   the   hatter   wa   the   onli   one   who   got   ani  advantag   from   the   chang   :   and   alic   wa   a   good   deal   wors   off   than  befor   ,   as   the   march   hare   had   just   upset   the   milk-jug   into   hi   plate   .  alic   did   not   wish   to   offend   the   dormous   again   ,   so   she   began   veri  cautious   :   'but   I   do   n't   understand   .   where   did   they   draw   the   treacl  from   ?   '  'you   can   draw   water   out   of   a   water-wel   ,   '   said   the   hatter   ;   'so   I   should  think   you   could   draw   treacl   out   of   a   treacle-wel   --   eh   ,   stupid   ?   '  'but   they   were   IN   the   well   ,   '   alic   said   to   the   dormous   ,   not   choos   to  notic   thi   last   remark   .  'of   cours   they   were   '   ,   said   the   dormous   ;   '   --   well   in   .   '  thi   answer   so   confus   poor   alic   ,   that   she   let   the   dormous   go   on   for  some   time   without   interrupt   it   .  'they   were   learn   to   draw   ,   '   the   dormous   went   on   ,   yawn   and   rub  it   eye   ,   for   it   wa   get   veri   sleepi   ;   'and   they   drew   all   manner   of  thing   --   everyth   that   begin   with   an   M   --   '  'whi   with   an   M   ?   '   said   alic   .  'whi   not   ?   '   said   the   march   hare   .  alic   wa   silent   .  the   dormous   had   close   it   eye   by   thi   time   ,   and   wa   go   off   into  a   doze   ;   but   ,   on   be   pinch   by   the   hatter   ,   it   woke   up   again   with  a   littl   shriek   ,   and   went   on   :   '   --   that   begin   with   an   M   ,   such   as  mouse-trap   ,   and   the   moon   ,   and   memori   ,   and   much   --   you   know   you   say  thing   are   ``   much   of   a   much   ''   --   did   you   ever   see   such   a   thing   as   a  draw   of   a   much   ?   '  'realli   ,   now   you   ask   me   ,   '   said   alic   ,   veri   much   confus   ,   '   I   do   n't  think   --   '  'then   you   should   n't   talk   ,   '   said   the   hatter   .  thi   piec   of   rude   wa   more   than   alic   could   bear   :   she   got   up   in  great   disgust   ,   and   walk   off   ;   the   dormous   fell   asleep   instantli   ,   and  neither   of   the   other   took   the   least   notic   of   her   go   ,   though   she  look   back   onc   or   twice   ,   half   hope   that   they   would   call   after   her   :  the   last   time   she   saw   them   ,   they   were   tri   to   put   the   dormous   into  the   teapot   .  'at   ani   rate   I   'll   never   go   there   again   !   '   said   alic   as   she   pick   her  way   through   the   wood   .   'it   's   the   stupidest   tea-parti   I   ever   wa   at   in   all  my   life   !   '  just   as   she   said   thi   ,   she   notic   that   one   of   the   tree   had   a   door  lead   right   into   it   .   'that   's   veri   curiou   !   '   she   thought   .   'but  everyth   's   curiou   today   .   I   think   I   may   as   well   go   in   at   onc   .   '   and   in  she   went   .  onc   more   she   found   herself   in   the   long   hall   ,   and   close   to   the   littl  glass   tabl   .   'now   ,   I   'll   manag   better   thi   time   ,   '   she   said   to   herself   ,  and   began   by   take   the   littl   golden   key   ,   and   unlock   the   door   that  led   into   the   garden   .   then   she   went   to   work   nibbl   at   the   mushroom   (   she  had   kept   a   piec   of   it   in   her   pocket   )   till   she   wa   about   a   foot   high   :  then   she   walk   down   the   littl   passag   :   and   then   --   she   found   herself   at  last   in   the   beauti   garden   ,   among   the   bright   flower-b   and   the   cool  fountain   .  chapter   viii   .   the   queen   's   croquet-ground  A   larg   rose-tre   stood   near   the   entranc   of   the   garden   :   the   rose  grow   on   it   were   white   ,   but   there   were   three   garden   at   it   ,   busili  paint   them   red   .   alic   thought   thi   a   veri   curiou   thing   ,   and   she   went  nearer   to   watch   them   ,   and   just   as   she   came   up   to   them   she   heard   one   of  them   say   ,   'look   out   now   ,   five   !   Do   n't   go   splash   paint   over   me   like  that   !   '  '   I   could   n't   help   it   ,   '   said   five   ,   in   a   sulki   tone   ;   'seven   jog   my  elbow   .   '  On   which   seven   look   up   and   said   ,   'that   's   right   ,   five   !   alway   lay   the  blame   on   other   !   '  'you   'D   better   not   talk   !   '   said   five   .   '   I   heard   the   queen   say   onli  yesterday   you   deserv   to   be   behead   !   '  'what   for   ?   '   said   the   one   who   had   spoken   first   .  'that   's   none   of   your   busi   ,   two   !   '   said   seven   .  'ye   ,   it   IS   hi   busi   !   '   said   five   ,   'and   I   'll   tell   him   --   it   wa   for  bring   the   cook   tulip-root   instead   of   onion   .   '  seven   flung   down   hi   brush   ,   and   had   just   begun   'well   ,   of   all   the   unjust  thing   --   '   when   hi   eye   chanc   to   fall   upon   alic   ,   as   she   stood   watch  them   ,   and   he   check   himself   suddenli   :   the   other   look   round   also   ,   and  all   of   them   bow   low   .  'would   you   tell   me   ,   '   said   alic   ,   a   littl   timidli   ,   'whi   you   are   paint  those   rose   ?   '  five   and   seven   said   noth   ,   but   look   at   two   .   two   began   in   a   low  voic   ,   'whi   the   fact   is   ,   you   see   ,   miss   ,   thi   here   ought   to   have   been   a  red   rose-tre   ,   and   we   put   a   white   one   in   by   mistak   ;   and   if   the   queen  wa   to   find   it   out   ,   we   should   all   have   our   head   cut   off   ,   you   know   .  So   you   see   ,   miss   ,   we   're   do   our   best   ,   afor   she   come   ,   to   --   '   At   thi  moment   five   ,   who   had   been   anxious   look   across   the   garden   ,   call  out   'the   queen   !   the   queen   !   '   and   the   three   garden   instantli   threw  themselv   flat   upon   their   face   .   there   wa   a   sound   of   mani   footstep   ,  and   alic   look   round   ,   eager   to   see   the   queen   .  first   came   ten   soldier   carri   club   ;   these   were   all   shape   like  the   three   garden   ,   oblong   and   flat   ,   with   their   hand   and   feet   at   the  corner   :   next   the   ten   courtier   ;   these   were   ornament   all   over   with  diamond   ,   and   walk   two   and   two   ,   as   the   soldier   did   .   after   these   came  the   royal   children   ;   there   were   ten   of   them   ,   and   the   littl   dear   came  jump   merrili   along   hand   in   hand   ,   in   coupl   :   they   were   all   ornament  with   heart   .   next   came   the   guest   ,   mostli   king   and   queen   ,   and   among  them   alic   recognis   the   white   rabbit   :   it   wa   talk   in   a   hurri  nervou   manner   ,   smile   at   everyth   that   wa   said   ,   and   went   by   without  notic   her   .   then   follow   the   knave   of   heart   ,   carri   the   king   's  crown   on   a   crimson   velvet   cushion   ;   and   ,   last   of   all   thi   grand  process   ,   came   the   king   and   queen   OF   heart   .  alic   wa   rather   doubt   whether   she   ought   not   to   lie   down   on   her   face  like   the   three   garden   ,   but   she   could   not   rememb   ever   have   heard  of   such   a   rule   at   process   ;   'and   besid   ,   what   would   be   the   use   of  a   process   ,   '   thought   she   ,   'if   peopl   had   all   to   lie   down   upon   their  face   ,   so   that   they   could   n't   see   it   ?   '   So   she   stood   still   where   she   wa   ,  and   wait   .  when   the   process   came   opposit   to   alic   ,   they   all   stop   and   look  at   her   ,   and   the   queen   said   sever   'who   is   thi   ?   '   she   said   it   to   the  knave   of   heart   ,   who   onli   bow   and   smile   in   repli   .  'idiot   !   '   said   the   queen   ,   toss   her   head   impati   ;   and   ,   turn   to  alic   ,   she   went   on   ,   'what   's   your   name   ,   child   ?   '  'mi   name   is   alic   ,   so   pleas   your   majesti   ,   '   said   alic   veri   polit   ;  but   she   ad   ,   to   herself   ,   'whi   ,   they   're   onli   a   pack   of   card   ,   after  all   .   I   need   n't   be   afraid   of   them   !   '  'and   who   are   these   ?   '   said   the   queen   ,   point   to   the   three   garden   who  were   lie   round   the   rosetre   ;   for   ,   you   see   ,   as   they   were   lie   on   their  face   ,   and   the   pattern   on   their   back   wa   the   same   as   the   rest   of   the  pack   ,   she   could   not   tell   whether   they   were   garden   ,   or   soldier   ,   or  courtier   ,   or   three   of   her   own   children   .  'how   should   I   know   ?   '   said   alic   ,   surpris   at   her   own   courag   .   'it   's   no  busi   of   mine   .   '  the   queen   turn   crimson   with   furi   ,   and   ,   after   glare   at   her   for   a  moment   like   a   wild   beast   ,   scream   'off   with   her   head   !   off   --   '  'nonsens   !   '   said   alic   ,   veri   loudli   and   decidedli   ,   and   the   queen   wa  silent   .  the   king   laid   hi   hand   upon   her   arm   ,   and   timidli   said   'consid   ,   my  dear   :   she   is   onli   a   child   !   '  the   queen   turn   angrili   away   from   him   ,   and   said   to   the   knave   'turn   them  over   !   '  the   knave   did   so   ,   veri   care   ,   with   one   foot   .  'get   up   !   '   said   the   queen   ,   in   a   shrill   ,   loud   voic   ,   and   the   three  garden   instantli   jump   up   ,   and   began   bow   to   the   king   ,   the   queen   ,  the   royal   children   ,   and   everybodi   els   .  'leav   off   that   !   '   scream   the   queen   .   'you   make   me   giddi   .   '   and   then   ,  turn   to   the   rose-tre   ,   she   went   on   ,   'what   have   you   been   do   here   ?   '  'may   it   pleas   your   majesti   ,   '   said   two   ,   in   a   veri   humbl   tone   ,   go  down   on   one   knee   as   he   spoke   ,   'we   were   tri   --   '  '   I   see   !   '   said   the   queen   ,   who   had   meanwhil   been   examin   the   rose   .  'off   with   their   head   !   '   and   the   process   move   on   ,   three   of   the  soldier   remain   behind   to   execut   the   unfortun   garden   ,   who   ran  to   alic   for   protect   .  'you   sha   n't   be   behead   !   '   said   alic   ,   and   she   put   them   into   a   larg  flower-pot   that   stood   near   .   the   three   soldier   wander   about   for   a  minut   or   two   ,   look   for   them   ,   and   then   quietli   march   off   after   the  other   .  'are   their   head   off   ?   '   shout   the   queen   .  'their   head   are   gone   ,   if   it   pleas   your   majesti   !   '   the   soldier   shout  in   repli   .  'that   's   right   !   '   shout   the   queen   .   'can   you   play   croquet   ?   '  the   soldier   were   silent   ,   and   look   at   alic   ,   as   the   question   wa  evid   meant   for   her   .  'ye   !   '   shout   alic   .  'come   on   ,   then   !   '   roar   the   queen   ,   and   alic   join   the   process   ,  wonder   veri   much   what   would   happen   next   .  'it   's   --   it   's   a   veri   fine   day   !   '   said   a   timid   voic   at   her   side   .   she   wa  walk   by   the   white   rabbit   ,   who   wa   peep   anxious   into   her   face   .  'veri   ,   '   said   alic   :   '   --   where   's   the   duchess   ?   '  'hush   !   hush   !   '   said   the   rabbit   in   a   low   ,   hurri   tone   .   He   look  anxious   over   hi   shoulder   as   he   spoke   ,   and   then   rais   himself   upon  tipto   ,   put   hi   mouth   close   to   her   ear   ,   and   whisper   'she   's   under  sentenc   of   execut   .   '  'what   for   ?   '   said   alic   .  'did   you   say   ``   what   a   piti   !   ''   ?   '   the   rabbit   ask   .  'no   ,   I   did   n't   ,   '   said   alic   :   '   I   do   n't   think   it   's   at   all   a   piti   .   I   said  ``   what   for   ?   ''   '  'she   box   the   queen   's   ear   --   '   the   rabbit   began   .   alic   gave   a   littl  scream   of   laughter   .   'oh   ,   hush   !   '   the   rabbit   whisper   in   a   frighten  tone   .   'the   queen   will   hear   you   !   you   see   ,   she   came   rather   late   ,   and   the  queen   said   --   '  'get   to   your   place   !   '   shout   the   queen   in   a   voic   of   thunder   ,   and  peopl   began   run   about   in   all   direct   ,   tumbl   up   against   each  other   ;   howev   ,   they   got   settl   down   in   a   minut   or   two   ,   and   the   game  began   .   alic   thought   she   had   never   seen   such   a   curiou   croquet-ground   in  her   life   ;   it   wa   all   ridg   and   furrow   ;   the   ball   were   live   hedgehog   ,  the   mallet   live   flamingo   ,   and   the   soldier   had   to   doubl   themselv  up   and   to   stand   on   their   hand   and   feet   ,   to   make   the   arch   .  the   chief   difficulti   alic   found   at   first   wa   in   manag   her   flamingo   :  she   succeed   in   get   it   bodi   tuck   away   ,   comfort   enough   ,   under  her   arm   ,   with   it   leg   hang   down   ,   but   gener   ,   just   as   she   had   got  it   neck   nice   straighten   out   ,   and   wa   go   to   give   the   hedgehog   a  blow   with   it   head   ,   it   would   twist   itself   round   and   look   up   in   her   face   ,  with   such   a   puzzl   express   that   she   could   not   help   burst   out  laugh   :   and   when   she   had   got   it   head   down   ,   and   wa   go   to   begin  again   ,   it   wa   veri   provok   to   find   that   the   hedgehog   had   unrol  itself   ,   and   wa   in   the   act   of   crawl   away   :   besid   all   thi   ,   there   wa  gener   a   ridg   or   furrow   in   the   way   wherev   she   want   to   send   the  hedgehog   to   ,   and   ,   as   the   doubled-up   soldier   were   alway   get   up  and   walk   off   to   other   part   of   the   ground   ,   alic   soon   came   to   the  conclus   that   it   wa   a   veri   difficult   game   inde   .  the   player   all   play   at   onc   without   wait   for   turn   ,   quarrel  all   the   while   ,   and   fight   for   the   hedgehog   ;   and   in   a   veri   short  time   the   queen   wa   in   a   furiou   passion   ,   and   went   stamp   about   ,   and  shout   'off   with   hi   head   !   '   or   'off   with   her   head   !   '   about   onc   in   a  minut   .  alic   began   to   feel   veri   uneasi   :   to   be   sure   ,   she   had   not   as   yet   had   ani  disput   with   the   queen   ,   but   she   knew   that   it   might   happen   ani   minut   ,  'and   then   ,   '   thought   she   ,   'what   would   becom   of   me   ?   they   're   dread  fond   of   behead   peopl   here   ;   the   great   wonder   is   ,   that   there   's   ani   one  left   aliv   !   '  she   wa   look   about   for   some   way   of   escap   ,   and   wonder   whether   she  could   get   away   without   be   seen   ,   when   she   notic   a   curiou   appear  in   the   air   :   it   puzzl   her   veri   much   at   first   ,   but   ,   after   watch   it  a   minut   or   two   ,   she   made   it   out   to   be   a   grin   ,   and   she   said   to   herself  'it   's   the   cheshir   cat   :   now   I   shall   have   somebodi   to   talk   to   .   '  'how   are   you   get   on   ?   '   said   the   cat   ,   as   soon   as   there   wa   mouth  enough   for   it   to   speak   with   .  alic   wait   till   the   eye   appear   ,   and   then   nod   .   'it   's   no   use  speak   to   it   ,   '   she   thought   ,   'till   it   ear   have   come   ,   or   at   least   one  of   them   .   '   In   anoth   minut   the   whole   head   appear   ,   and   then   alic   put  down   her   flamingo   ,   and   began   an   account   of   the   game   ,   feel   veri   glad  she   had   someon   to   listen   to   her   .   the   cat   seem   to   think   that   there   wa  enough   of   it   now   in   sight   ,   and   no   more   of   it   appear   .  '   I   do   n't   think   they   play   at   all   fairli   ,   '   alic   began   ,   in   rather   a  complain   tone   ,   'and   they   all   quarrel   so   dread   one   ca   n't   hear  oneself   speak   --   and   they   do   n't   seem   to   have   ani   rule   in   particular   ;  at   least   ,   if   there   are   ,   nobodi   attend   to   them   --   and   you   've   no   idea   how  confus   it   is   all   the   thing   be   aliv   ;   for   instanc   ,   there   's   the  arch   I   've   got   to   go   through   next   walk   about   at   the   other   end   of   the  ground   --   and   I   should   have   croquet   the   queen   's   hedgehog   just   now   ,   onli  it   ran   away   when   it   saw   mine   come   !   '  'how   do   you   like   the   queen   ?   '   said   the   cat   in   a   low   voic   .  'not   at   all   ,   '   said   alic   :   'she   's   so   extrem   --   '   just   then   she   notic  that   the   queen   wa   close   behind   her   ,   listen   :   so   she   went   on   ,  '   --   like   to   win   ,   that   it   's   hardli   worth   while   finish   the   game   .   '  the   queen   smile   and   pass   on   .  'who   are   you   talk   to   ?   '   said   the   king   ,   go   up   to   alic   ,   and   look  at   the   cat   's   head   with   great   curios   .  'it   's   a   friend   of   mine   --   a   cheshir   cat   ,   '   said   alic   :   'allow   me   to  introduc   it   .   '  '   I   do   n't   like   the   look   of   it   at   all   ,   '   said   the   king   :   'howev   ,   it   may  kiss   my   hand   if   it   like   .   '  '   I   'd   rather   not   ,   '   the   cat   remark   .  'do   n't   be   impertin   ,   '   said   the   king   ,   'and   do   n't   look   at   me   like   that   !   '  He   got   behind   alic   as   he   spoke   .  '   A   cat   may   look   at   a   king   ,   '   said   alic   .   '   I   've   read   that   in   some   book   ,  but   I   do   n't   rememb   where   .   '  'well   ,   it   must   be   remov   ,   '   said   the   king   veri   decidedli   ,   and   he   call  the   queen   ,   who   wa   pass   at   the   moment   ,   'mi   dear   !   I   wish   you   would  have   thi   cat   remov   !   '  the   queen   had   onli   one   way   of   settl   all   difficulti   ,   great   or   small   .  'off   with   hi   head   !   '   she   said   ,   without   even   look   round   .  '   I   'll   fetch   the   execution   myself   ,   '   said   the   king   eagerli   ,   and   he  hurri   off   .  alic   thought   she   might   as   well   go   back   ,   and   see   how   the   game   wa   go  on   ,   as   she   heard   the   queen   's   voic   in   the   distanc   ,   scream   with  passion   .   she   had   alreadi   heard   her   sentenc   three   of   the   player   to   be  execut   for   have   miss   their   turn   ,   and   she   did   not   like   the   look  of   thing   at   all   ,   as   the   game   wa   in   such   confus   that   she   never   knew  whether   it   wa   her   turn   or   not   .   So   she   went   in   search   of   her   hedgehog   .  the   hedgehog   wa   engag   in   a   fight   with   anoth   hedgehog   ,   which   seem  to   alic   an   excel   opportun   for   croquet   one   of   them   with   the  other   :   the   onli   difficulti   wa   ,   that   her   flamingo   wa   gone   across   to   the  other   side   of   the   garden   ,   where   alic   could   see   it   tri   in   a   helpless  sort   of   way   to   fli   up   into   a   tree   .  By   the   time   she   had   caught   the   flamingo   and   brought   it   back   ,   the   fight  wa   over   ,   and   both   the   hedgehog   were   out   of   sight   :   'but   it   doe   n't  matter   much   ,   '   thought   alic   ,   'a   all   the   arch   are   gone   from   thi   side  of   the   ground   .   '   So   she   tuck   it   away   under   her   arm   ,   that   it   might   not  escap   again   ,   and   went   back   for   a   littl   more   convers   with   her  friend   .  when   she   got   back   to   the   cheshir   cat   ,   she   wa   surpris   to   find   quit   a  larg   crowd   collect   round   it   :   there   wa   a   disput   go   on   between  the   execution   ,   the   king   ,   and   the   queen   ,   who   were   all   talk   at   onc   ,  while   all   the   rest   were   quit   silent   ,   and   look   veri   uncomfort   .  the   moment   alic   appear   ,   she   wa   appeal   to   by   all   three   to   settl  the   question   ,   and   they   repeat   their   argument   to   her   ,   though   ,   as   they  all   spoke   at   onc   ,   she   found   it   veri   hard   inde   to   make   out   exactli  what   they   said   .  the   execution   's   argument   wa   ,   that   you   could   n't   cut   off   a   head   unless  there   wa   a   bodi   to   cut   it   off   from   :   that   he   had   never   had   to   do   such   a  thing   befor   ,   and   he   wa   n't   go   to   begin   at   hi   time   of   life   .  the   king   's   argument   wa   ,   that   anyth   that   had   a   head   could   be  behead   ,   and   that   you   were   n't   to   talk   nonsens   .  the   queen   's   argument   wa   ,   that   if   someth   wa   n't   done   about   it   in   less  than   no   time   she   'd   have   everybodi   execut   ,   all   round   .   (   It   wa   thi   last  remark   that   had   made   the   whole   parti   look   so   grave   and   anxiou   .   )  alic   could   think   of   noth   els   to   say   but   'it   belong   to   the   duchess   :  you   'd   better   ask   her   about   it   .   '  'she   's   in   prison   ,   '   the   queen   said   to   the   execution   :   'fetch   her   here   .   '  and   the   execution   went   off   like   an   arrow   .  the   cat   's   head   began   fade   away   the   moment   he   wa   gone   ,   and   ,  by   the   time   he   had   come   back   with   the   duchess   ,   it   had   entir  disappear   ;   so   the   king   and   the   execution   ran   wildli   up   and   down  look   for   it   ,   while   the   rest   of   the   parti   went   back   to   the   game   .  chapter   IX   .   the   mock   turtl   's   stori  'you   ca   n't   think   how   glad   I   am   to   see   you   again   ,   you   dear   old   thing   !   '  said   the   duchess   ,   as   she   tuck   her   arm   affection   into   alic   's   ,   and  they   walk   off   togeth   .  alic   wa   veri   glad   to   find   her   in   such   a   pleasant   temper   ,   and   thought  to   herself   that   perhap   it   wa   onli   the   pepper   that   had   made   her   so  savag   when   they   met   in   the   kitchen   .  'when   I   'M   a   duchess   ,   '   she   said   to   herself   ,   (   not   in   a   veri   hope   tone  though   )   ,   '   I   wo   n't   have   ani   pepper   in   my   kitchen   AT   all   .   soup   doe   veri  well   without   --   mayb   it   's   alway   pepper   that   make   peopl   hot-temp   ,   '  she   went   on   ,   veri   much   pleas   at   have   found   out   a   new   kind   of  rule   ,   'and   vinegar   that   make   them   sour   --   and   camomil   that   make  them   bitter   --   and   --   and   barley-sugar   and   such   thing   that   make   children  sweet-temp   .   I   onli   wish   peopl   knew   that   :   then   they   would   n't   be   so  stingi   about   it   ,   you   know   --   '  she   had   quit   forgotten   the   duchess   by   thi   time   ,   and   wa   a   littl  startl   when   she   heard   her   voic   close   to   her   ear   .   'you   're   think  about   someth   ,   my   dear   ,   and   that   make   you   forget   to   talk   .   I   ca   n't  tell   you   just   now   what   the   moral   of   that   is   ,   but   I   shall   rememb   it   in  a   bit   .   '  'perhap   it   ha   n't   one   ,   '   alic   ventur   to   remark   .  'tut   ,   tut   ,   child   !   '   said   the   duchess   .   'everyth   's   got   a   moral   ,   if   onli  you   can   find   it   .   '   and   she   squeez   herself   up   closer   to   alic   's   side   as  she   spoke   .  alic   did   not   much   like   keep   so   close   to   her   :   first   ,   becaus   the  duchess   wa   veri   ugli   ;   and   secondli   ,   becaus   she   wa   exactli   the  right   height   to   rest   her   chin   upon   alic   's   shoulder   ,   and   it   wa   an  uncomfort   sharp   chin   .   howev   ,   she   did   not   like   to   be   rude   ,   so   she  bore   it   as   well   as   she   could   .  'the   game   's   go   on   rather   better   now   ,   '   she   said   ,   by   way   of   keep   up  the   convers   a   littl   .  ''ti   so   ,   '   said   the   duchess   :   'and   the   moral   of   that   is   --   ''   Oh   ,   't   is   love   ,  't   is   love   ,   that   make   the   world   go   round   !   ''   '  'somebodi   said   ,   '   alic   whisper   ,   'that   it   's   done   by   everybodi   mind  their   own   busi   !   '  'ah   ,   well   !   It   mean   much   the   same   thing   ,   '   said   the   duchess   ,   dig   her  sharp   littl   chin   into   alic   's   shoulder   as   she   ad   ,   'and   the   moral  of   that   is   --   ''   take   care   of   the   sens   ,   and   the   sound   will   take   care   of  themselv   .   ''   '  'how   fond   she   is   of   find   moral   in   thing   !   '   alic   thought   to   herself   .  '   I   dare   say   you   're   wonder   whi   I   do   n't   put   my   arm   round   your   waist   ,   '  the   duchess   said   after   a   paus   :   'the   reason   is   ,   that   I   'm   doubt   about  the   temper   of   your   flamingo   .   shall   I   tri   the   experi   ?   '  'he   might   bite   ,   '   alic   cautious   repli   ,   not   feel   at   all   anxiou   to  have   the   experi   tri   .  'veri   true   ,   '   said   the   duchess   :   'flamingo   and   mustard   both   bite   .   and  the   moral   of   that   is   --   ''   bird   of   a   feather   flock   togeth   .   ''   '  'onli   mustard   is   n't   a   bird   ,   '   alic   remark   .  'right   ,   as   usual   ,   '   said   the   duchess   :   'what   a   clear   way   you   have   of  put   thing   !   '  'it   's   a   miner   ,   I   think   ,   '   said   alic   .  'of   cours   it   is   ,   '   said   the   duchess   ,   who   seem   readi   to   agre   to  everyth   that   alic   said   ;   'there   's   a   larg   mustard-min   near   here   .   and  the   moral   of   that   is   --   ''   the   more   there   is   of   mine   ,   the   less   there   is   of  your   .   ''   '  'oh   ,   I   know   !   '   exclaim   alic   ,   who   had   not   attend   to   thi   last   remark   ,  'it   's   a   veget   .   It   doe   n't   look   like   one   ,   but   it   is   .   '  '   I   quit   agre   with   you   ,   '   said   the   duchess   ;   'and   the   moral   of   that  is   --   ''   Be   what   you   would   seem   to   be   ''   --   or   if   you   'd   like   it   put   more  simpli   --   ''   never   imagin   yourself   not   to   be   otherwis   than   what   it   might  appear   to   other   that   what   you   were   or   might   have   been   wa   not   otherwis  than   what   you   had   been   would   have   appear   to   them   to   be   otherwis   .   ''   '  '   I   think   I   should   understand   that   better   ,   '   alic   said   veri   polit   ,   'if  I   had   it   written   down   :   but   I   ca   n't   quit   follow   it   as   you   say   it   .   '  'that   's   noth   to   what   I   could   say   if   I   chose   ,   '   the   duchess   repli   ,   in  a   pleas   tone   .  'pray   do   n't   troubl   yourself   to   say   it   ani   longer   than   that   ,   '   said  alic   .  'oh   ,   do   n't   talk   about   troubl   !   '   said   the   duchess   .   '   I   make   you   a   present  of   everyth   I   've   said   as   yet   .   '  '   A   cheap   sort   of   present   !   '   thought   alic   .   '   I   'm   glad   they   do   n't   give  birthday   present   like   that   !   '   but   she   did   not   ventur   to   say   it   out  loud   .  'think   again   ?   '   the   duchess   ask   ,   with   anoth   dig   of   her   sharp  littl   chin   .  '   I   've   a   right   to   think   ,   '   said   alic   sharpli   ,   for   she   wa   begin   to  feel   a   littl   worri   .  'just   about   as   much   right   ,   '   said   the   duchess   ,   'a   pig   have   to   fli   ;   and  the   m   --   '  but   here   ,   to   alic   's   great   surpris   ,   the   duchess   's   voic   die   away   ,   even  in   the   middl   of   her   favourit   word   'moral   ,   '   and   the   arm   that   wa   link  into   her   began   to   trembl   .   alic   look   up   ,   and   there   stood   the   queen  in   front   of   them   ,   with   her   arm   fold   ,   frown   like   a   thunderstorm   .  '   A   fine   day   ,   your   majesti   !   '   the   duchess   began   in   a   low   ,   weak   voic   .  'now   ,   I   give   you   fair   warn   ,   '   shout   the   queen   ,   stamp   on   the  ground   as   she   spoke   ;   'either   you   or   your   head   must   be   off   ,   and   that   in  about   half   no   time   !   take   your   choic   !   '  the   duchess   took   her   choic   ,   and   wa   gone   in   a   moment   .  'let   's   go   on   with   the   game   ,   '   the   queen   said   to   alic   ;   and   alic   wa  too   much   frighten   to   say   a   word   ,   but   slowli   follow   her   back   to   the  croquet-ground   .  the   other   guest   had   taken   advantag   of   the   queen   's   absenc   ,   and   were  rest   in   the   shade   :   howev   ,   the   moment   they   saw   her   ,   they   hurri  back   to   the   game   ,   the   queen   mere   remark   that   a   moment   's   delay   would  cost   them   their   live   .  all   the   time   they   were   play   the   queen   never   left   off   quarrel   with  the   other   player   ,   and   shout   'off   with   hi   head   !   '   or   'off   with   her  head   !   '   those   whom   she   sentenc   were   taken   into   custodi   by   the   soldier   ,  who   of   cours   had   to   leav   off   be   arch   to   do   thi   ,   so   that   by  the   end   of   half   an   hour   or   so   there   were   no   arch   left   ,   and   all   the  player   ,   except   the   king   ,   the   queen   ,   and   alic   ,   were   in   custodi   and  under   sentenc   of   execut   .  then   the   queen   left   off   ,   quit   out   of   breath   ,   and   said   to   alic   ,   'have  you   seen   the   mock   turtl   yet   ?   '  'no   ,   '   said   alic   .   '   I   do   n't   even   know   what   a   mock   turtl   is   .   '  'it   's   the   thing   mock   turtl   soup   is   made   from   ,   '   said   the   queen   .  '   I   never   saw   one   ,   or   heard   of   one   ,   '   said   alic   .  'come   on   ,   then   ,   '   said   the   queen   ,   'and   he   shall   tell   you   hi   histori   ,   '  As   they   walk   off   togeth   ,   alic   heard   the   king   say   in   a   low   voic   ,  to   the   compani   gener   ,   'you   are   all   pardon   .   '   'come   ,   that   'S   a   good  thing   !   '   she   said   to   herself   ,   for   she   had   felt   quit   unhappi   at   the  number   of   execut   the   queen   had   order   .  they   veri   soon   came   upon   a   gryphon   ,   lie   fast   asleep   in   the   sun   .  (   IF   you   do   n't   know   what   a   gryphon   is   ,   look   at   the   pictur   .   )   'up   ,   lazi  thing   !   '   said   the   queen   ,   'and   take   thi   young   ladi   to   see   the   mock  turtl   ,   and   to   hear   hi   histori   .   I   must   go   back   and   see   after   some  execut   I   have   order   '   ;   and   she   walk   off   ,   leav   alic   alon   with  the   gryphon   .   alic   did   not   quit   like   the   look   of   the   creatur   ,   but   on  the   whole   she   thought   it   would   be   quit   as   safe   to   stay   with   it   as   to   go  after   that   savag   queen   :   so   she   wait   .  the   gryphon   sat   up   and   rub   it   eye   :   then   it   watch   the   queen   till  she   wa   out   of   sight   :   then   it   chuckl   .   'what   fun   !   '   said   the   gryphon   ,  half   to   itself   ,   half   to   alic   .  'what   IS   the   fun   ?   '   said   alic   .  'whi   ,   she   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   .   'it   's   all   her   fanci   ,   that   :   they   never  execut   nobodi   ,   you   know   .   come   on   !   '  'everybodi   say   ``   come   on   !   ''   here   ,   '   thought   alic   ,   as   she   went   slowli  after   it   :   '   I   never   wa   so   order   about   in   all   my   life   ,   never   !   '  they   had   not   gone   far   befor   they   saw   the   mock   turtl   in   the   distanc   ,  sit   sad   and   lone   on   a   littl   ledg   of   rock   ,   and   ,   as   they   came  nearer   ,   alic   could   hear   him   sigh   as   if   hi   heart   would   break   .   she  piti   him   deepli   .   'what   is   hi   sorrow   ?   '   she   ask   the   gryphon   ,   and   the  gryphon   answer   ,   veri   nearli   in   the   same   word   as   befor   ,   'it   's   all   hi  fanci   ,   that   :   he   ha   n't   got   no   sorrow   ,   you   know   .   come   on   !   '  So   they   went   up   to   the   mock   turtl   ,   who   look   at   them   with   larg   eye  full   of   tear   ,   but   said   noth   .  'thi   here   young   ladi   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   ,   'she   want   for   to   know   your  histori   ,   she   do   .   '  '   I   'll   tell   it   her   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   in   a   deep   ,   hollow   tone   :   'sit  down   ,   both   of   you   ,   and   do   n't   speak   a   word   till   I   've   finish   .   '  So   they   sat   down   ,   and   nobodi   spoke   for   some   minut   .   alic   thought   to  herself   ,   '   I   do   n't   see   how   he   can   even   finish   ,   if   he   doe   n't   begin   .   '   but  she   wait   patient   .  'onc   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   at   last   ,   with   a   deep   sigh   ,   '   I   wa   a   real  turtl   .   '  these   word   were   follow   by   a   veri   long   silenc   ,   broken   onli   by   an  occasion   exclam   of   'hjckrrh   !   '   from   the   gryphon   ,   and   the   constant  heavi   sob   of   the   mock   turtl   .   alic   wa   veri   nearli   get   up   and  say   ,   'thank   you   ,   sir   ,   for   your   interest   stori   ,   '   but   she   could  not   help   think   there   must   be   more   to   come   ,   so   she   sat   still   and   said  noth   .  'when   we   were   littl   ,   '   the   mock   turtl   went   on   at   last   ,   more   calmli   ,  though   still   sob   a   littl   now   and   then   ,   'we   went   to   school   in   the  sea   .   the   master   wa   an   old   turtl   --   we   use   to   call   him   tortois   --   '  'whi   did   you   call   him   tortois   ,   if   he   wa   n't   one   ?   '   alic   ask   .  'we   call   him   tortois   becaus   he   taught   us   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl  angrili   :   'realli   you   are   veri   dull   !   '  'you   ought   to   be   asham   of   yourself   for   ask   such   a   simpl   question   ,   '  ad   the   gryphon   ;   and   then   they   both   sat   silent   and   look   at   poor  alic   ,   who   felt   readi   to   sink   into   the   earth   .   At   last   the   gryphon   said  to   the   mock   turtl   ,   'drive   on   ,   old   fellow   !   Do   n't   be   all   day   about   it   !   '  and   he   went   on   in   these   word   :  'ye   ,   we   went   to   school   in   the   sea   ,   though   you   may   n't   believ   it   --   '  '   I   never   said   I   did   n't   !   '   interrupt   alic   .  'you   did   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   .  'hold   your   tongu   !   '   ad   the   gryphon   ,   befor   alic   could   speak   again   .  the   mock   turtl   went   on   .  'we   had   the   best   of   educ   --   in   fact   ,   we   went   to   school   everi   day   --   '  '   I   've   been   to   a   day-school   ,   too   ,   '   said   alic   ;   'you   need   n't   be   so   proud  as   all   that   .   '  'with   extra   ?   '   ask   the   mock   turtl   a   littl   anxious   .  'ye   ,   '   said   alic   ,   'we   learn   french   and   music   .   '  'and   wash   ?   '   said   the   mock   turtl   .  'certainli   not   !   '   said   alic   indignantli   .  'ah   !   then   your   wa   n't   a   realli   good   school   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   in  a   tone   of   great   relief   .   'now   at   our   they   had   at   the   end   of   the   bill   ,  ``   french   ,   music   ,   and   wash   --   extra   .   ''   '  'you   could   n't   have   want   it   much   ,   '   said   alic   ;   'live   at   the   bottom   of  the   sea   .   '  '   I   could   n't   afford   to   learn   it   .   '   said   the   mock   turtl   with   a   sigh   .   '   I  onli   took   the   regular   cours   .   '  'what   wa   that   ?   '   inquir   alic   .  'reel   and   writh   ,   of   cours   ,   to   begin   with   ,   '   the   mock   turtl  repli   ;   'and   then   the   differ   branch   of   arithmet   --   ambit   ,  distract   ,   uglif   ,   and   deris   .   '  '   I   never   heard   of   ``   uglif   ,   ''   '   alic   ventur   to   say   .   'what   is   it   ?   '  the   gryphon   lift   up   both   it   paw   in   surpris   .   'what   !   never   heard   of  uglifi   !   '   it   exclaim   .   'you   know   what   to   beautifi   is   ,   I   suppos   ?   '  'ye   ,   '   said   alic   doubt   :   'it   mean   --   to   --   make   --   anyth   --   prettier   .   '  'well   ,   then   ,   '   the   gryphon   went   on   ,   'if   you   do   n't   know   what   to   uglifi   is   ,  you   are   a   simpleton   .   '  alic   did   not   feel   encourag   to   ask   ani   more   question   about   it   ,   so   she  turn   to   the   mock   turtl   ,   and   said   'what   els   had   you   to   learn   ?   '  'well   ,   there   wa   mysteri   ,   '   the   mock   turtl   repli   ,   count   off  the   subject   on   hi   flapper   ,   '   --   mysteri   ,   ancient   and   modern   ,   with  seaographi   :   then   drawl   --   the   drawling-mast   wa   an   old   conger-eel   ,  that   use   to   come   onc   a   week   :   HE   taught   us   drawl   ,   stretch   ,   and  faint   in   coil   .   '  'what   wa   that   like   ?   '   said   alic   .  'well   ,   I   ca   n't   show   it   you   myself   ,   '   the   mock   turtl   said   :   '   I   'm   too  stiff   .   and   the   gryphon   never   learnt   it   .   '  'had   n't   time   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   :   '   I   went   to   the   classic   master   ,   though   .  He   wa   an   old   crab   ,   HE   wa   .   '  '   I   never   went   to   him   ,   '   the   mock   turtl   said   with   a   sigh   :   'he   taught  laugh   and   grief   ,   they   use   to   say   .   '  'so   he   did   ,   so   he   did   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   ,   sigh   in   hi   turn   ;   and   both  creatur   hid   their   face   in   their   paw   .  'and   how   mani   hour   a   day   did   you   do   lesson   ?   '   said   alic   ,   in   a   hurri   to  chang   the   subject   .  'ten   hour   the   first   day   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   :   'nine   the   next   ,   and   so  on   .   '  'what   a   curiou   plan   !   '   exclaim   alic   .  'that   's   the   reason   they   're   call   lesson   ,   '   the   gryphon   remark   :  'becaus   they   lessen   from   day   to   day   .   '  thi   wa   quit   a   new   idea   to   alic   ,   and   she   thought   it   over   a   littl  befor   she   made   her   next   remark   .   'then   the   eleventh   day   must   have   been   a  holiday   ?   '  'of   cours   it   wa   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   .  'and   how   did   you   manag   on   the   twelfth   ?   '   alic   went   on   eagerli   .  'that   's   enough   about   lesson   ,   '   the   gryphon   interrupt   in   a   veri   decid  tone   :   'tell   her   someth   about   the   game   now   .   '  chapter   X   .   the   lobster   quadril  the   mock   turtl   sigh   deepli   ,   and   drew   the   back   of   one   flapper   across  hi   eye   .   He   look   at   alic   ,   and   tri   to   speak   ,   but   for   a   minut   or  two   sob   choke   hi   voic   .   'same   as   if   he   had   a   bone   in   hi   throat   ,   '  said   the   gryphon   :   and   it   set   to   work   shake   him   and   punch   him   in  the   back   .   At   last   the   mock   turtl   recov   hi   voic   ,   and   ,   with   tear  run   down   hi   cheek   ,   he   went   on   again   :   --  'you   may   not   have   live   much   under   the   sea   --   '   (   '   I   have   n't   ,   '   said  alic   )   --   'and   perhap   you   were   never   even   introduc   to   a   lobster   --   '  (   alic   began   to   say   '   I   onc   tast   --   '   but   check   herself   hastili   ,   and  said   'no   ,   never   '   )   '   --   so   you   can   have   no   idea   what   a   delight   thing   a  lobster   quadril   is   !   '  'no   ,   inde   ,   '   said   alic   .   'what   sort   of   a   danc   is   it   ?   '  'whi   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   ,   'you   first   form   into   a   line   along   the  sea-shor   --   '  'two   line   !   '   cri   the   mock   turtl   .   'seal   ,   turtl   ,   salmon   ,   and   so   on   ;  then   ,   when   you   've   clear   all   the   jelly-fish   out   of   the   way   --   '  'that   gener   take   some   time   ,   '   interrupt   the   gryphon   .  '   --   you   advanc   twice   --   '  'each   with   a   lobster   as   a   partner   !   '   cri   the   gryphon   .  'of   cours   ,   '   the   mock   turtl   said   :   'advanc   twice   ,   set   to   partner   --   '  '   --   chang   lobster   ,   and   retir   in   same   order   ,   '   continu   the   gryphon   .  'then   ,   you   know   ,   '   the   mock   turtl   went   on   ,   'you   throw   the   --   '  'the   lobster   !   '   shout   the   gryphon   ,   with   a   bound   into   the   air   .  '   --   as   far   out   to   sea   as   you   can   --   '  'swim   after   them   !   '   scream   the   gryphon   .  'turn   a   somersault   in   the   sea   !   '   cri   the   mock   turtl   ,   caper   wildli  about   .  'chang   lobster   again   !   '   yell   the   gryphon   at   the   top   of   it   voic   .  'back   to   land   again   ,   and   that   's   all   the   first   figur   ,   '   said   the   mock  turtl   ,   suddenli   drop   hi   voic   ;   and   the   two   creatur   ,   who   had   been  jump   about   like   mad   thing   all   thi   time   ,   sat   down   again   veri   sadli  and   quietli   ,   and   look   at   alic   .  'it   must   be   a   veri   pretti   danc   ,   '   said   alic   timidli   .  'would   you   like   to   see   a   littl   of   it   ?   '   said   the   mock   turtl   .  'veri   much   inde   ,   '   said   alic   .  'come   ,   let   's   tri   the   first   figur   !   '   said   the   mock   turtl   to   the   gryphon   .  'we   can   do   without   lobster   ,   you   know   .   which   shall   sing   ?   '  'oh   ,   you   sing   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   .   '   I   've   forgotten   the   word   .   '  So   they   began   solemnli   danc   round   and   round   alic   ,   everi   now   and  then   tread   on   her   toe   when   they   pass   too   close   ,   and   wave   their  forepaw   to   mark   the   time   ,   while   the   mock   turtl   sang   thi   ,   veri   slowli  and   sadli   :   --  '   ''   will   you   walk   a   littl   faster   ?   ''   said   a   white   to   a   snail   .  ``   there   's   a   porpois   close   behind   us   ,   and   he   's   tread   on   my   tail   .  see   how   eagerli   the   lobster   and   the   turtl   all   advanc   !  they   are   wait   on   the   shingl   --   will   you   come   and   join   the   danc   ?  will   you   ,   wo   n't   you   ,   will   you   ,   wo   n't   you   ,   will   you   join   the   danc   ?  will   you   ,   wo   n't   you   ,   will   you   ,   wo   n't   you   ,   wo   n't   you   join   the   danc   ?  ``   you   can   realli   have   no   notion   how   delight   it   will   be  when   they   take   us   up   and   throw   us   ,   with   the   lobster   ,   out   to   sea   !   ''  but   the   snail   repli   ``   too   far   ,   too   far   !   ''   and   gave   a   look   askanc   --  said   he   thank   the   white   kindli   ,   but   he   would   not   join   the   danc   .  would   not   ,   could   not   ,   would   not   ,   could   not   ,   would   not   join   the   danc   .  would   not   ,   could   not   ,   would   not   ,   could   not   ,   could   not   join   the   danc   .  '   ''   what   matter   it   how   far   we   go   ?   ''   hi   scali   friend   repli   .  ``   there   is   anoth   shore   ,   you   know   ,   upon   the   other   side   .  the   further   off   from   england   the   nearer   is   to   franc   --  then   turn   not   pale   ,   belov   snail   ,   but   come   and   join   the   danc   .  will   you   ,   wo   n't   you   ,   will   you   ,   wo   n't   you   ,   will   you   join   the   danc   ?  will   you   ,   wo   n't   you   ,   will   you   ,   wo   n't   you   ,   wo   n't   you   join   the   danc   ?   ''   '  'thank   you   ,   it   's   a   veri   interest   danc   to   watch   ,   '   said   alic   ,   feel  veri   glad   that   it   wa   over   at   last   :   'and   I   do   so   like   that   curiou   song  about   the   white   !   '  'oh   ,   as   to   the   white   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   ,   'they   --   you   've   seen   them   ,  of   cours   ?   '  'ye   ,   '   said   alic   ,   '   I   've   often   seen   them   at   dinn   --   '   she   check   herself  hastili   .  '   I   do   n't   know   where   dinn   may   be   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   ,   'but   if   you   've  seen   them   so   often   ,   of   cours   you   know   what   they   're   like   .   '  '   I   believ   so   ,   '   alic   repli   thought   .   'they   have   their   tail   in  their   mouth   --   and   they   're   all   over   crumb   .   '  'you   're   wrong   about   the   crumb   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   :   'crumb   would   all  wash   off   in   the   sea   .   but   they   have   their   tail   in   their   mouth   ;   and   the  reason   is   --   '   here   the   mock   turtl   yawn   and   shut   hi   eyes.   --   'tell   her  about   the   reason   and   all   that   ,   '   he   said   to   the   gryphon   .  'the   reason   is   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   ,   'that   they   would   go   with   the   lobster  to   the   danc   .   So   they   got   thrown   out   to   sea   .   So   they   had   to   fall   a   long  way   .   So   they   got   their   tail   fast   in   their   mouth   .   So   they   could   n't   get  them   out   again   .   that   's   all   .   '  'thank   you   ,   '   said   alic   ,   'it   's   veri   interest   .   I   never   knew   so   much  about   a   white   befor   .   '  '   I   can   tell   you   more   than   that   ,   if   you   like   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   .   'do   you  know   whi   it   's   call   a   white   ?   '  '   I   never   thought   about   it   ,   '   said   alic   .   'whi   ?   '  'it   doe   the   boot   and   shoe   .   '   the   gryphon   repli   veri   solemnli   .  alic   wa   thoroughli   puzzl   .   'doe   the   boot   and   shoe   !   '   she   repeat  in   a   wonder   tone   .  'whi   ,   what   are   your   shoe   done   with   ?   '   said   the   gryphon   .   '   I   mean   ,   what  make   them   so   shini   ?   '  alic   look   down   at   them   ,   and   consid   a   littl   befor   she   gave   her  answer   .   'they   're   done   with   black   ,   I   believ   .   '  'boot   and   shoe   under   the   sea   ,   '   the   gryphon   went   on   in   a   deep   voic   ,  'are   done   with   a   white   .   now   you   know   .   '  'and   what   are   they   made   of   ?   '   alic   ask   in   a   tone   of   great   curios   .  'sole   and   eel   ,   of   cours   ,   '   the   gryphon   repli   rather   impati   :  'ani   shrimp   could   have   told   you   that   .   '  'if   I   'd   been   the   white   ,   '   said   alic   ,   whose   thought   were   still   run  on   the   song   ,   '   I   'd   have   said   to   the   porpois   ,   ``   keep   back   ,   pleas   :   we  do   n't   want   you   with   us   !   ''   '  'they   were   oblig   to   have   him   with   them   ,   '   the   mock   turtl   said   :   'no  wise   fish   would   go   anywher   without   a   porpois   .   '  'would   n't   it   realli   ?   '   said   alic   in   a   tone   of   great   surpris   .  'of   cours   not   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   :   'whi   ,   if   a   fish   came   to   ME   ,   and  told   me   he   wa   go   a   journey   ,   I   should   say   ``   with   what   porpois   ?   ''   '  'do   n't   you   mean   ``   purpos   ''   ?   '   said   alic   .  '   I   mean   what   I   say   ,   '   the   mock   turtl   repli   in   an   offend   tone   .   and  the   gryphon   ad   'come   ,   let   's   hear   some   of   your   adventur   .   '  '   I   could   tell   you   my   adventur   --   begin   from   thi   morn   ,   '   said  alic   a   littl   timidli   :   'but   it   's   no   use   go   back   to   yesterday   ,  becaus   I   wa   a   differ   person   then   .   '  'explain   all   that   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   .  'no   ,   no   !   the   adventur   first   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   in   an   impati   tone   :  'explan   take   such   a   dread   time   .   '  So   alic   began   tell   them   her   adventur   from   the   time   when   she   first  saw   the   white   rabbit   .   she   wa   a   littl   nervou   about   it   just   at   first   ,  the   two   creatur   got   so   close   to   her   ,   one   on   each   side   ,   and   open  their   eye   and   mouth   so   veri   wide   ,   but   she   gain   courag   as   she   went  on   .   her   listen   were   perfectli   quiet   till   she   got   to   the   part   about  her   repeat   'you   are   old   ,   father   william   ,   '   to   the   caterpillar   ,   and   the  word   all   come   differ   ,   and   then   the   mock   turtl   drew   a   long   breath   ,  and   said   'that   's   veri   curiou   .   '  'it   's   all   about   as   curiou   as   it   can   be   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   .  'it   all   came   differ   !   '   the   mock   turtl   repeat   thought   .   '   I  should   like   to   hear   her   tri   and   repeat   someth   now   .   tell   her   to  begin   .   '   He   look   at   the   gryphon   as   if   he   thought   it   had   some   kind   of  author   over   alic   .  'stand   up   and   repeat   ``   'T   IS   the   voic   OF   the   sluggard   ,   ''   '   said   the  gryphon   .  'how   the   creatur   order   one   about   ,   and   make   one   repeat   lesson   !   '  thought   alic   ;   '   I   might   as   well   be   at   school   at   onc   .   '   howev   ,   she  got   up   ,   and   began   to   repeat   it   ,   but   her   head   wa   so   full   of   the   lobster  quadril   ,   that   she   hardli   knew   what   she   wa   say   ,   and   the   word   came  veri   queer   inde   :   --  ``   ti   the   voic   of   the   lobster   ;   I   heard   him   declar   ,  ``   you   have   bake   me   too   brown   ,   I   must   sugar   my   hair   .   ''  As   a   duck   with   it   eyelid   ,   so   he   with   hi   nose  trim   hi   belt   and   hi   button   ,   and   turn   out   hi   toe   .   '  [   later   edit   continu   as   follow  when   the   sand   are   all   dri   ,   he   is   gay   as   a   lark   ,  and   will   talk   in   contemptu   tone   of   the   shark   ,  but   ,   when   the   tide   rise   and   shark   are   around   ,  hi   voic   ha   a   timid   and   tremul   sound   .   ]  'that   's   differ   from   what   I   use   to   say   when   I   wa   a   child   ,   '   said   the  gryphon   .  'well   ,   I   never   heard   it   befor   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   ;   'but   it   sound  uncommon   nonsens   .   '  alic   said   noth   ;   she   had   sat   down   with   her   face   in   her   hand   ,  wonder   if   anyth   would   ever   happen   in   a   natur   way   again   .  '   I   should   like   to   have   it   explain   ,   '   said   the   mock   turtl   .  'she   ca   n't   explain   it   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   hastili   .   'go   on   with   the   next  vers   .   '  'but   about   hi   toe   ?   '   the   mock   turtl   persist   .   'how   could   he   turn   them  out   with   hi   nose   ,   you   know   ?   '  'it   's   the   first   posit   in   danc   .   '   alic   said   ;   but   wa   dread  puzzl   by   the   whole   thing   ,   and   long   to   chang   the   subject   .  'go   on   with   the   next   vers   ,   '   the   gryphon   repeat   impati   :   'it  begin   ``   I   pass   by   hi   garden   .   ''   '  alic   did   not   dare   to   disobey   ,   though   she   felt   sure   it   would   all   come  wrong   ,   and   she   went   on   in   a   trembl   voic   :   --  '   I   pass   by   hi   garden   ,   and   mark   ,   with   one   eye   ,  how   the   owl   and   the   panther   were   share   a   pie   --   '  [   later   edit   continu   as   follow  the   panther   took   pie-crust   ,   and   gravi   ,   and   meat   ,  while   the   owl   had   the   dish   as   it   share   of   the   treat   .  when   the   pie   wa   all   finish   ,   the   owl   ,   as   a   boon   ,  wa   kindli   permit   to   pocket   the   spoon   :  while   the   panther   receiv   knife   and   fork   with   a   growl   ,  and   conclud   the   banquet   --   ]  'what   IS   the   use   of   repeat   all   that   stuff   ,   '   the   mock   turtl  interrupt   ,   'if   you   do   n't   explain   it   as   you   go   on   ?   It   's   by   far   the   most  confus   thing   I   ever   heard   !   '  'ye   ,   I   think   you   'd   better   leav   off   ,   '   said   the   gryphon   :   and   alic   wa  onli   too   glad   to   do   so   .  'shall   we   tri   anoth   figur   of   the   lobster   quadril   ?   '   the   gryphon   went  on   .   'or   would   you   like   the   mock   turtl   to   sing   you   a   song   ?   '  'oh   ,   a   song   ,   pleas   ,   if   the   mock   turtl   would   be   so   kind   ,   '   alic  repli   ,   so   eagerli   that   the   gryphon   said   ,   in   a   rather   offend   tone   ,  'hm   !   No   account   for   tast   !   sing   her   ``   turtl   soup   ,   ''   will   you   ,   old  fellow   ?   '  the   mock   turtl   sigh   deepli   ,   and   began   ,   in   a   voic   sometim   choke  with   sob   ,   to   sing   thi   :   --  'beauti   soup   ,   so   rich   and   green   ,  wait   in   a   hot   tureen   !  who   for   such   dainti   would   not   stoop   ?  soup   of   the   even   ,   beauti   soup   !  soup   of   the   even   ,   beauti   soup   !  beau   --   ooti   soo   --   oop   !  beau   --   ooti   soo   --   oop   !  soo   --   oop   of   the   e   --   e   --   even   ,  beauti   ,   beauti   soup   !  'beauti   soup   !   who   care   for   fish   ,  game   ,   or   ani   other   dish   ?  who   would   not   give   all   els   for   two  pennyworth   onli   of   beauti   soup   ?  pennyworth   onli   of   beauti   soup   ?  beau   --   ooti   soo   --   oop   !  beau   --   ooti   soo   --   oop   !  soo   --   oop   of   the   e   --   e   --   even   ,  beauti   ,   beauti   --   ful   soup   !   '  'choru   again   !   '   cri   the   gryphon   ,   and   the   mock   turtl   had   just   begun  to   repeat   it   ,   when   a   cri   of   'the   trial   's   begin   !   '   wa   heard   in   the  distanc   .  'come   on   !   '   cri   the   gryphon   ,   and   ,   take   alic   by   the   hand   ,   it   hurri  off   ,   without   wait   for   the   end   of   the   song   .  'what   trial   is   it   ?   '   alic   pant   as   she   ran   ;   but   the   gryphon   onli  answer   'come   on   !   '   and   ran   the   faster   ,   while   more   and   more   faintli  came   ,   carri   on   the   breez   that   follow   them   ,   the   melancholi   word   :   --  'soo   --   oop   of   the   e   --   e   --   even   ,  beauti   ,   beauti   soup   !   '  chapter   XI   .   who   stole   the   tart   ?  the   king   and   queen   of   heart   were   seat   on   their   throne   when   they  arriv   ,   with   a   great   crowd   assembl   about   them   --   all   sort   of   littl  bird   and   beast   ,   as   well   as   the   whole   pack   of   card   :   the   knave   wa  stand   befor   them   ,   in   chain   ,   with   a   soldier   on   each   side   to   guard  him   ;   and   near   the   king   wa   the   white   rabbit   ,   with   a   trumpet   in   one   hand   ,  and   a   scroll   of   parchment   in   the   other   .   In   the   veri   middl   of   the   court  wa   a   tabl   ,   with   a   larg   dish   of   tart   upon   it   :   they   look   so   good   ,  that   it   made   alic   quit   hungri   to   look   at   them   --   '   I   wish   they   'd   get   the  trial   done   ,   '   she   thought   ,   'and   hand   round   the   refresh   !   '   but   there  seem   to   be   no   chanc   of   thi   ,   so   she   began   look   at   everyth   about  her   ,   to   pass   away   the   time   .  alic   had   never   been   in   a   court   of   justic   befor   ,   but   she   had   read  about   them   in   book   ,   and   she   wa   quit   pleas   to   find   that   she   knew  the   name   of   nearli   everyth   there   .   'that   's   the   judg   ,   '   she   said   to  herself   ,   'becaus   of   hi   great   wig   .   '  the   judg   ,   by   the   way   ,   wa   the   king   ;   and   as   he   wore   hi   crown   over   the  wig   ,   (   look   at   the   frontispiec   if   you   want   to   see   how   he   did   it   ,   )   he   did  not   look   at   all   comfort   ,   and   it   wa   certainli   not   becom   .  'and   that   's   the   jury-box   ,   '   thought   alic   ,   'and   those   twelv   creatur   ,   '  (   she   wa   oblig   to   say   'creatur   ,   '   you   see   ,   becaus   some   of   them   were  anim   ,   and   some   were   bird   ,   )   '   I   suppos   they   are   the   juror   .   '   she   said  thi   last   word   two   or   three   time   over   to   herself   ,   be   rather   proud   of  it   :   for   she   thought   ,   and   rightli   too   ,   that   veri   few   littl   girl   of   her  age   knew   the   mean   of   it   at   all   .   howev   ,   'jury-men   '   would   have   done  just   as   well   .  the   twelv   juror   were   all   write   veri   busili   on   slate   .   'what   are   they  do   ?   '   alic   whisper   to   the   gryphon   .   'they   ca   n't   have   anyth   to   put  down   yet   ,   befor   the   trial   's   begun   .   '  'they   're   put   down   their   name   ,   '   the   gryphon   whisper   in   repli   ,   'for  fear   they   should   forget   them   befor   the   end   of   the   trial   .   '  'stupid   thing   !   '   alic   began   in   a   loud   ,   indign   voic   ,   but   she   stop  hastili   ,   for   the   white   rabbit   cri   out   ,   'silenc   in   the   court   !   '   and   the  king   put   on   hi   spectacl   and   look   anxious   round   ,   to   make   out   who  wa   talk   .  alic   could   see   ,   as   well   as   if   she   were   look   over   their   shoulder   ,  that   all   the   juror   were   write   down   'stupid   thing   !   '   on   their   slate   ,  and   she   could   even   make   out   that   one   of   them   did   n't   know   how   to   spell  'stupid   ,   '   and   that   he   had   to   ask   hi   neighbour   to   tell   him   .   '   A   nice  muddl   their   slate   'll   be   in   befor   the   trial   's   over   !   '   thought   alic   .  one   of   the   juror   had   a   pencil   that   squeak   .   thi   of   cours   ,   alic  could   not   stand   ,   and   she   went   round   the   court   and   got   behind   him   ,   and  veri   soon   found   an   opportun   of   take   it   away   .   she   did   it   so   quickli  that   the   poor   littl   juror   (   it   wa   bill   ,   the   lizard   )   could   not   make   out  at   all   what   had   becom   of   it   ;   so   ,   after   hunt   all   about   for   it   ,   he   wa  oblig   to   write   with   one   finger   for   the   rest   of   the   day   ;   and   thi   wa  of   veri   littl   use   ,   as   it   left   no   mark   on   the   slate   .  'herald   ,   read   the   accus   !   '   said   the   king   .  On   thi   the   white   rabbit   blew   three   blast   on   the   trumpet   ,   and   then  unrol   the   parchment   scroll   ,   and   read   as   follow   :   --  'the   queen   of   heart   ,   she   made   some   tart   ,  all   on   a   summer   day   :  the   knave   of   heart   ,   he   stole   those   tart   ,  and   took   them   quit   away   !   '  'consid   your   verdict   ,   '   the   king   said   to   the   juri   .  'not   yet   ,   not   yet   !   '   the   rabbit   hastili   interrupt   .   'there   's   a   great  deal   to   come   befor   that   !   '  'call   the   first   wit   ,   '   said   the   king   ;   and   the   white   rabbit   blew   three  blast   on   the   trumpet   ,   and   call   out   ,   'first   wit   !   '  the   first   wit   wa   the   hatter   .   He   came   in   with   a   teacup   in   one  hand   and   a   piec   of   bread-and-butt   in   the   other   .   '   I   beg   pardon   ,   your  majesti   ,   '   he   began   ,   'for   bring   these   in   :   but   I   had   n't   quit   finish  my   tea   when   I   wa   sent   for   .   '  'you   ought   to   have   finish   ,   '   said   the   king   .   'when   did   you   begin   ?   '  the   hatter   look   at   the   march   hare   ,   who   had   follow   him   into   the  court   ,   arm-in-arm   with   the   dormous   .   'fourteenth   of   march   ,   I   think   it  wa   ,   '   he   said   .  'fifteenth   ,   '   said   the   march   hare   .  'sixteenth   ,   '   ad   the   dormous   .  'write   that   down   ,   '   the   king   said   to   the   juri   ,   and   the   juri   eagerli  wrote   down   all   three   date   on   their   slate   ,   and   then   ad   them   up   ,   and  reduc   the   answer   to   shill   and   penc   .  'take   off   your   hat   ,   '   the   king   said   to   the   hatter   .  'it   is   n't   mine   ,   '   said   the   hatter   .  'stolen   !   '   the   king   exclaim   ,   turn   to   the   juri   ,   who   instantli   made   a  memorandum   of   the   fact   .  '   I   keep   them   to   sell   ,   '   the   hatter   ad   as   an   explan   ;   '   I   've   none   of  my   own   .   I   'm   a   hatter   .   '  here   the   queen   put   on   her   spectacl   ,   and   began   stare   at   the   hatter   ,  who   turn   pale   and   fidget   .  'give   your   evid   ,   '   said   the   king   ;   'and   do   n't   be   nervou   ,   or   I   'll   have  you   execut   on   the   spot   .   '  thi   did   not   seem   to   encourag   the   wit   at   all   :   he   kept   shift  from   one   foot   to   the   other   ,   look   uneasili   at   the   queen   ,   and   in  hi   confus   he   bit   a   larg   piec   out   of   hi   teacup   instead   of   the  bread-and-butt   .  just   at   thi   moment   alic   felt   a   veri   curiou   sensat   ,   which   puzzl  her   a   good   deal   until   she   made   out   what   it   wa   :   she   wa   begin   to  grow   larger   again   ,   and   she   thought   at   first   she   would   get   up   and   leav  the   court   ;   but   on   second   thought   she   decid   to   remain   where   she   wa   as  long   as   there   wa   room   for   her   .  '   I   wish   you   would   n't   squeez   so   .   '   said   the   dormous   ,   who   wa   sit  next   to   her   .   '   I   can   hardli   breath   .   '  '   I   ca   n't   help   it   ,   '   said   alic   veri   meekli   :   '   I   'm   grow   .   '  'you   've   no   right   to   grow   here   ,   '   said   the   dormous   .  'do   n't   talk   nonsens   ,   '   said   alic   more   boldli   :   'you   know   you   're   grow  too   .   '  'ye   ,   but   I   grow   at   a   reason   pace   ,   '   said   the   dormous   :   'not   in   that  ridicul   fashion   .   '   and   he   got   up   veri   sulkili   and   cross   over   to   the  other   side   of   the   court   .  all   thi   time   the   queen   had   never   left   off   stare   at   the   hatter   ,   and   ,  just   as   the   dormous   cross   the   court   ,   she   said   to   one   of   the   offic  of   the   court   ,   'bring   me   the   list   of   the   singer   in   the   last   concert   !   '   on  which   the   wretch   hatter   trembl   so   ,   that   he   shook   both   hi   shoe   off   .  'give   your   evid   ,   '   the   king   repeat   angrili   ,   'or   I   'll   have   you  execut   ,   whether   you   're   nervou   or   not   .   '  '   I   'm   a   poor   man   ,   your   majesti   ,   '   the   hatter   began   ,   in   a   trembl   voic   ,  '   --   and   I   had   n't   begun   my   tea   --   not   abov   a   week   or   so   --   and   what   with   the  bread-and-butt   get   so   thin   --   and   the   twinkl   of   the   tea   --   '  'the   twinkl   of   the   what   ?   '   said   the   king   .  'it   began   with   the   tea   ,   '   the   hatter   repli   .  'of   cours   twinkl   begin   with   a   T   !   '   said   the   king   sharpli   .   'do   you  take   me   for   a   dunc   ?   Go   on   !   '  '   I   'm   a   poor   man   ,   '   the   hatter   went   on   ,   'and   most   thing   twinkl   after  that   --   onli   the   march   hare   said   --   '  '   I   did   n't   !   '   the   march   hare   interrupt   in   a   great   hurri   .  'you   did   !   '   said   the   hatter   .  '   I   deni   it   !   '   said   the   march   hare   .  'he   deni   it   ,   '   said   the   king   :   'leav   out   that   part   .   '  'well   ,   at   ani   rate   ,   the   dormous   said   --   '   the   hatter   went   on   ,   look  anxious   round   to   see   if   he   would   deni   it   too   :   but   the   dormous   deni  noth   ,   be   fast   asleep   .  'after   that   ,   '   continu   the   hatter   ,   '   I   cut   some   more   bread-and-butt   --   '  'but   what   did   the   dormous   say   ?   '   one   of   the   juri   ask   .  'that   I   ca   n't   rememb   ,   '   said   the   hatter   .  'you   must   rememb   ,   '   remark   the   king   ,   'or   I   'll   have   you   execut   .   '  the   miser   hatter   drop   hi   teacup   and   bread-and-butt   ,   and   went  down   on   one   knee   .   '   I   'm   a   poor   man   ,   your   majesti   ,   '   he   began   .  'you   're   a   veri   poor   speaker   ,   '   said   the   king   .  here   one   of   the   guinea-pig   cheer   ,   and   wa   immedi   suppress   by  the   offic   of   the   court   .   (   As   that   is   rather   a   hard   word   ,   I   will   just  explain   to   you   how   it   wa   done   .   they   had   a   larg   canva   bag   ,   which   tie  up   at   the   mouth   with   string   :   into   thi   they   slip   the   guinea-pig   ,  head   first   ,   and   then   sat   upon   it   .   )  '   I   'm   glad   I   've   seen   that   done   ,   '   thought   alic   .   '   I   've   so   often   read  in   the   newspap   ,   at   the   end   of   trial   ,   ``   there   wa   some   attempt  at   applaus   ,   which   wa   immedi   suppress   by   the   offic   of   the  court   ,   ''   and   I   never   understood   what   it   meant   till   now   .   '  'if   that   's   all   you   know   about   it   ,   you   may   stand   down   ,   '   continu   the  king   .  '   I   ca   n't   go   no   lower   ,   '   said   the   hatter   :   '   I   'm   on   the   floor   ,   as   it   is   .   '  'then   you   may   sit   down   ,   '   the   king   repli   .  here   the   other   guinea-pig   cheer   ,   and   wa   suppress   .  'come   ,   that   finish   the   guinea-pig   !   '   thought   alic   .   'now   we   shall   get  on   better   .   '  '   I   'd   rather   finish   my   tea   ,   '   said   the   hatter   ,   with   an   anxiou   look   at   the  queen   ,   who   wa   read   the   list   of   singer   .  'you   may   go   ,   '   said   the   king   ,   and   the   hatter   hurriedli   left   the   court   ,  without   even   wait   to   put   hi   shoe   on   .  '   --   and   just   take   hi   head   off   outsid   ,   '   the   queen   ad   to   one   of   the  offic   :   but   the   hatter   wa   out   of   sight   befor   the   offic   could   get  to   the   door   .  'call   the   next   wit   !   '   said   the   king   .  the   next   wit   wa   the   duchess   's   cook   .   she   carri   the   pepper-box   in  her   hand   ,   and   alic   guess   who   it   wa   ,   even   befor   she   got   into   the  court   ,   by   the   way   the   peopl   near   the   door   began   sneez   all   at   onc   .  'give   your   evid   ,   '   said   the   king   .  'sha   n't   ,   '   said   the   cook   .  the   king   look   anxious   at   the   white   rabbit   ,   who   said   in   a   low   voic   ,  'your   majesti   must   cross-examin   thi   wit   .   '  'well   ,   if   I   must   ,   I   must   ,   '   the   king   said   ,   with   a   melancholi   air   ,   and   ,  after   fold   hi   arm   and   frown   at   the   cook   till   hi   eye   were  nearli   out   of   sight   ,   he   said   in   a   deep   voic   ,   'what   are   tart   made   of   ?   '  'pepper   ,   mostli   ,   '   said   the   cook   .  'treacl   ,   '   said   a   sleepi   voic   behind   her   .  'collar   that   dormous   ,   '   the   queen   shriek   out   .   'behead   that   dormous   !  turn   that   dormous   out   of   court   !   suppress   him   !   pinch   him   !   off   with   hi  whisker   !   '  for   some   minut   the   whole   court   wa   in   confus   ,   get   the   dormous  turn   out   ,   and   ,   by   the   time   they   had   settl   down   again   ,   the   cook   had  disappear   .  'never   mind   !   '   said   the   king   ,   with   an   air   of   great   relief   .   'call   the   next  wit   .   '   and   he   ad   in   an   underton   to   the   queen   ,   'realli   ,   my   dear   ,  you   must   cross-examin   the   next   wit   .   It   quit   make   my   forehead  ach   !   '  alic   watch   the   white   rabbit   as   he   fumbl   over   the   list   ,   feel   veri  curiou   to   see   what   the   next   wit   would   be   like   ,   '   --   for   they   have   n't  got   much   evid   yet   ,   '   she   said   to   herself   .   imagin   her   surpris   ,   when  the   white   rabbit   read   out   ,   at   the   top   of   hi   shrill   littl   voic   ,   the  name   'alic   !   '  chapter   xii   .   alic   's   evid  'here   !   '   cri   alic   ,   quit   forget   in   the   flurri   of   the   moment   how  larg   she   had   grown   in   the   last   few   minut   ,   and   she   jump   up   in   such  a   hurri   that   she   tip   over   the   jury-box   with   the   edg   of   her   skirt   ,  upset   all   the   jurymen   on   to   the   head   of   the   crowd   below   ,   and   there  they   lay   sprawl   about   ,   remind   her   veri   much   of   a   globe   of   goldfish  she   had   accident   upset   the   week   befor   .  'oh   ,   I   beg   your   pardon   !   '   she   exclaim   in   a   tone   of   great   dismay   ,   and  began   pick   them   up   again   as   quickli   as   she   could   ,   for   the   accid   of  the   goldfish   kept   run   in   her   head   ,   and   she   had   a   vagu   sort   of   idea  that   they   must   be   collect   at   onc   and   put   back   into   the   jury-box   ,   or  they   would   die   .  'the   trial   can   not   proceed   ,   '   said   the   king   in   a   veri   grave   voic   ,   'until  all   the   jurymen   are   back   in   their   proper   place   --   all   ,   '   he   repeat   with  great   emphasi   ,   look   hard   at   alic   as   he   said   do   .  alic   look   at   the   jury-box   ,   and   saw   that   ,   in   her   hast   ,   she   had   put  the   lizard   in   head   downward   ,   and   the   poor   littl   thing   wa   wave   it  tail   about   in   a   melancholi   way   ,   be   quit   unabl   to   move   .   she   soon   got  it   out   again   ,   and   put   it   right   ;   'not   that   it   signifi   much   ,   '   she   said  to   herself   ;   '   I   should   think   it   would   be   quit   as   much   use   in   the   trial  one   way   up   as   the   other   .   '  As   soon   as   the   juri   had   a   littl   recov   from   the   shock   of   be  upset   ,   and   their   slate   and   pencil   had   been   found   and   hand   back   to  them   ,   they   set   to   work   veri   dilig   to   write   out   a   histori   of   the  accid   ,   all   except   the   lizard   ,   who   seem   too   much   overcom   to   do  anyth   but   sit   with   it   mouth   open   ,   gaze   up   into   the   roof   of   the  court   .  'what   do   you   know   about   thi   busi   ?   '   the   king   said   to   alic   .  'noth   ,   '   said   alic   .  'noth   whatev   ?   '   persist   the   king   .  'noth   whatev   ,   '   said   alic   .  'that   's   veri   import   ,   '   the   king   said   ,   turn   to   the   juri   .   they   were  just   begin   to   write   thi   down   on   their   slate   ,   when   the   white   rabbit  interrupt   :   'unimport   ,   your   majesti   mean   ,   of   cours   ,   '   he   said   in   a  veri   respect   tone   ,   but   frown   and   make   face   at   him   as   he   spoke   .  'unimport   ,   of   cours   ,   I   meant   ,   '   the   king   hastili   said   ,   and   went   on  to   himself   in   an   underton   ,  'import   --   unimport   --   unimport   --   import   --   '   as   if   he   were   tri  which   word   sound   best   .  some   of   the   juri   wrote   it   down   'import   ,   '   and   some   'unimport   .   '  alic   could   see   thi   ,   as   she   wa   near   enough   to   look   over   their   slate   ;  'but   it   doe   n't   matter   a   bit   ,   '   she   thought   to   herself   .  At   thi   moment   the   king   ,   who   had   been   for   some   time   busili   write   in  hi   note-book   ,   cackl   out   'silenc   !   '   and   read   out   from   hi   book   ,   'rule  forty-two   .   all   person   more   than   A   mile   high   TO   leav   the   court   .   '  everybodi   look   at   alic   .  '   I   'M   not   a   mile   high   ,   '   said   alic   .  'you   are   ,   '   said   the   king   .  'nearli   two   mile   high   ,   '   ad   the   queen   .  'well   ,   I   sha   n't   go   ,   at   ani   rate   ,   '   said   alic   :   'besid   ,   that   's   not   a  regular   rule   :   you   invent   it   just   now   .   '  'it   's   the   oldest   rule   in   the   book   ,   '   said   the   king   .  'then   it   ought   to   be   number   one   ,   '   said   alic   .  the   king   turn   pale   ,   and   shut   hi   note-book   hastili   .   'consid   your  verdict   ,   '   he   said   to   the   juri   ,   in   a   low   ,   trembl   voic   .  'there   's   more   evid   to   come   yet   ,   pleas   your   majesti   ,   '   said   the   white  rabbit   ,   jump   up   in   a   great   hurri   ;   'thi   paper   ha   just   been   pick  up   .   '  'what   's   in   it   ?   '   said   the   queen   .  '   I   have   n't   open   it   yet   ,   '   said   the   white   rabbit   ,   'but   it   seem   to   be   a  letter   ,   written   by   the   prison   to   --   to   somebodi   .   '  'it   must   have   been   that   ,   '   said   the   king   ,   'unless   it   wa   written   to  nobodi   ,   which   is   n't   usual   ,   you   know   .   '  'who   is   it   direct   to   ?   '   said   one   of   the   jurymen   .  'it   is   n't   direct   at   all   ,   '   said   the   white   rabbit   ;   'in   fact   ,   there   's  noth   written   on   the   outsid   .   '   He   unfold   the   paper   as   he   spoke   ,   and  ad   'it   is   n't   a   letter   ,   after   all   :   it   's   a   set   of   vers   .   '  'are   they   in   the   prison   's   handwrit   ?   '   ask   anoth   of   the   jurymen   .  'no   ,   they   're   not   ,   '   said   the   white   rabbit   ,   'and   that   's   the   queerest   thing  about   it   .   '   (   the   juri   all   look   puzzl   .   )  'he   must   have   imit   somebodi   els   's   hand   ,   '   said   the   king   .   (   the   juri  all   brighten   up   again   .   )  'pleas   your   majesti   ,   '   said   the   knave   ,   '   I   did   n't   write   it   ,   and   they  ca   n't   prove   I   did   :   there   's   no   name   sign   at   the   end   .   '  'if   you   did   n't   sign   it   ,   '   said   the   king   ,   'that   onli   make   the   matter  wors   .   you   must   have   meant   some   mischief   ,   or   els   you   'd   have   sign   your  name   like   an   honest   man   .   '  there   wa   a   gener   clap   of   hand   at   thi   :   it   wa   the   first   realli  clever   thing   the   king   had   said   that   day   .  'that   prove   hi   guilt   ,   '   said   the   queen   .  'it   prove   noth   of   the   sort   !   '   said   alic   .   'whi   ,   you   do   n't   even   know  what   they   're   about   !   '  'read   them   ,   '   said   the   king   .  the   white   rabbit   put   on   hi   spectacl   .   'where   shall   I   begin   ,   pleas  your   majesti   ?   '   he   ask   .  'begin   at   the   begin   ,   '   the   king   said   grave   ,   'and   go   on   till   you  come   to   the   end   :   then   stop   .   '  these   were   the   vers   the   white   rabbit   read   :   --  'they   told   me   you   had   been   to   her   ,  and   mention   me   to   him   :  she   gave   me   a   good   charact   ,  but   said   I   could   not   swim   .  He   sent   them   word   I   had   not   gone  (   We   know   it   to   be   true   )   :  If   she   should   push   the   matter   on   ,  what   would   becom   of   you   ?  I   gave   her   one   ,   they   gave   him   two   ,  you   gave   us   three   or   more   ;  they   all   return   from   him   to   you   ,  though   they   were   mine   befor   .  If   I   or   she   should   chanc   to   be  involv   in   thi   affair   ,  He   trust   to   you   to   set   them   free   ,  exactli   as   we   were   .  My   notion   wa   that   you   had   been  (   befor   she   had   thi   fit   )  An   obstacl   that   came   between  him   ,   and   ourselv   ,   and   it   .  Do   n't   let   him   know   she   like   them   best   ,  for   thi   must   ever   be  A   secret   ,   kept   from   all   the   rest   ,  between   yourself   and   me   .   '  'that   's   the   most   import   piec   of   evid   we   've   heard   yet   ,   '   said   the  king   ,   rub   hi   hand   ;   'so   now   let   the   juri   --   '  'if   ani   one   of   them   can   explain   it   ,   '   said   alic   ,   (   she   had   grown   so   larg  in   the   last   few   minut   that   she   wa   n't   a   bit   afraid   of   interrupt  him   ,   )   '   I   'll   give   him   sixpenc   .   _i_   do   n't   believ   there   's   an   atom   of  mean   in   it   .   '  the   juri   all   wrote   down   on   their   slate   ,   'she   doe   n't   believ   there   's   an  atom   of   mean   in   it   ,   '   but   none   of   them   attempt   to   explain   the   paper   .  'if   there   's   no   mean   in   it   ,   '   said   the   king   ,   'that   save   a   world   of  troubl   ,   you   know   ,   as   we   need   n't   tri   to   find   ani   .   and   yet   I   do   n't   know   ,   '  he   went   on   ,   spread   out   the   vers   on   hi   knee   ,   and   look   at   them  with   one   eye   ;   '   I   seem   to   see   some   mean   in   them   ,   after   all.   ``   --   said  I   could   not   swim   --   ''   you   ca   n't   swim   ,   can   you   ?   '   he   ad   ,   turn   to   the  knave   .  the   knave   shook   hi   head   sadli   .   'do   I   look   like   it   ?   '   he   said   .   (   which   he  certainli   did   not   ,   be   made   entir   of   cardboard   .   )  'all   right   ,   so   far   ,   '   said   the   king   ,   and   he   went   on   mutter   over  the   vers   to   himself   :   '   ''   WE   know   IT   TO   BE   true   --   ''   that   's   the   juri   ,   of  cours   --   ''   I   gave   her   one   ,   they   gave   him   two   --   ''   whi   ,   that   must   be   what   he  did   with   the   tart   ,   you   know   --   '  'but   ,   it   goe   on   ``   they   all   return   from   him   TO   you   ,   ''   '   said   alic   .  'whi   ,   there   they   are   !   '   said   the   king   triumphantli   ,   point   to   the   tart  on   the   tabl   .   'noth   can   be   clearer   than   that   .   then   again   --   ''   befor   she  had   thi   fit   --   ''   you   never   had   fit   ,   my   dear   ,   I   think   ?   '   he   said   to   the  queen   .  'never   !   '   said   the   queen   furious   ,   throw   an   inkstand   at   the   lizard  as   she   spoke   .   (   the   unfortun   littl   bill   had   left   off   write   on   hi  slate   with   one   finger   ,   as   he   found   it   made   no   mark   ;   but   he   now   hastili  began   again   ,   use   the   ink   ,   that   wa   trickl   down   hi   face   ,   as   long   as  it   last   .   )  'then   the   word   do   n't   fit   you   ,   '   said   the   king   ,   look   round   the   court  with   a   smile   .   there   wa   a   dead   silenc   .  'it   's   a   pun   !   '   the   king   ad   in   an   offend   tone   ,   and   everybodi   laugh   ,  'let   the   juri   consid   their   verdict   ,   '   the   king   said   ,   for   about   the  twentieth   time   that   day   .  'no   ,   no   !   '   said   the   queen   .   'sentenc   first   --   verdict   afterward   .   '  'stuff   and   nonsens   !   '   said   alic   loudli   .   'the   idea   of   have   the  sentenc   first   !   '  'hold   your   tongu   !   '   said   the   queen   ,   turn   purpl   .  '   I   wo   n't   !   '   said   alic   .  'off   with   her   head   !   '   the   queen   shout   at   the   top   of   her   voic   .   nobodi  move   .  'who   care   for   you   ?   '   said   alic   ,   (   she   had   grown   to   her   full   size   by   thi  time   .   )   'you   're   noth   but   a   pack   of   card   !   '  At   thi   the   whole   pack   rose   up   into   the   air   ,   and   came   fli   down   upon  her   :   she   gave   a   littl   scream   ,   half   of   fright   and   half   of   anger   ,   and  tri   to   beat   them   off   ,   and   found   herself   lie   on   the   bank   ,   with   her  head   in   the   lap   of   her   sister   ,   who   wa   gentli   brush   away   some   dead  leav   that   had   flutter   down   from   the   tree   upon   her   face   .  'wake   up   ,   alic   dear   !   '   said   her   sister   ;   'whi   ,   what   a   long   sleep   you   've  had   !   '  'oh   ,   I   've   had   such   a   curiou   dream   !   '   said   alic   ,   and   she   told   her  sister   ,   as   well   as   she   could   rememb   them   ,   all   these   strang   adventur  of   her   that   you   have   just   been   read   about   ;   and   when   she   had  finish   ,   her   sister   kiss   her   ,   and   said   ,   'it   wa   a   curiou   dream   ,  dear   ,   certainli   :   but   now   run   in   to   your   tea   ;   it   's   get   late   .   '   So  alic   got   up   and   ran   off   ,   think   while   she   ran   ,   as   well   she   might   ,  what   a   wonder   dream   it   had   been   .  but   her   sister   sat   still   just   as   she   left   her   ,   lean   her   head   on   her  hand   ,   watch   the   set   sun   ,   and   think   of   littl   alic   and   all   her  wonder   adventur   ,   till   she   too   began   dream   after   a   fashion   ,   and  thi   wa   her   dream   :   --  first   ,   she   dream   of   littl   alic   herself   ,   and   onc   again   the   tini  hand   were   clasp   upon   her   knee   ,   and   the   bright   eager   eye   were   look  up   into   her   --   she   could   hear   the   veri   tone   of   her   voic   ,   and   see   that  queer   littl   toss   of   her   head   to   keep   back   the   wander   hair   that  would   alway   get   into   her   eye   --   and   still   as   she   listen   ,   or   seem   to  listen   ,   the   whole   place   around   her   becam   aliv   with   the   strang   creatur  of   her   littl   sister   's   dream   .  the   long   grass   rustl   at   her   feet   as   the   white   rabbit   hurri   by   --   the  frighten   mous   splash   hi   way   through   the   neighbour   pool   --   she  could   hear   the   rattl   of   the   teacup   as   the   march   hare   and   hi   friend  share   their   never-end   meal   ,   and   the   shrill   voic   of   the   queen  order   off   her   unfortun   guest   to   execut   --   onc   more   the   pig-babi  wa   sneez   on   the   duchess   's   knee   ,   while   plate   and   dish   crash  around   it   --   onc   more   the   shriek   of   the   gryphon   ,   the   squeak   of   the  lizard   's   slate-pencil   ,   and   the   choke   of   the   suppress   guinea-pig   ,  fill   the   air   ,   mix   up   with   the   distant   sob   of   the   miser   mock  turtl   .  So   she   sat   on   ,   with   close   eye   ,   and   half   believ   herself   in  wonderland   ,   though   she   knew   she   had   but   to   open   them   again   ,   and   all  would   chang   to   dull   realiti   --   the   grass   would   be   onli   rustl   in   the  wind   ,   and   the   pool   rippl   to   the   wave   of   the   reed   --   the   rattl  teacup   would   chang   to   tinkl   sheep-bel   ,   and   the   queen   's   shrill  cri   to   the   voic   of   the   shepherd   boy   --   and   the   sneez   of   the   babi   ,   the  shriek   of   the   gryphon   ,   and   all   the   other   queer   nois   ,   would   chang   (   she  knew   )   to   the   confus   clamour   of   the   busi   farm-yard   --   while   the   low  of   the   cattl   in   the   distanc   would   take   the   place   of   the   mock   turtl   's  heavi   sob   .  lastli   ,   she   pictur   to   herself   how   thi   same   littl   sister   of   her  would   ,   in   the   after-tim   ,   be   herself   a   grown   woman   ;   and   how   she   would  keep   ,   through   all   her   riper   year   ,   the   simpl   and   love   heart   of   her  childhood   :   and   how   she   would   gather   about   her   other   littl   children   ,   and  make   their   eye   bright   and   eager   with   mani   a   strang   tale   ,   perhap   even  with   the   dream   of   wonderland   of   long   ago   :   and   how   she   would   feel   with  all   their   simpl   sorrow   ,   and   find   a   pleasur   in   all   their   simpl   joy   ,  rememb   her   own   child-lif   ,   and   the   happi   summer   day   .  the   end  